b"Giordano's is a great Italian/Chicago style restaurant that I highly recommend! The negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. This restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy P83 strip with tons of people and near the Arrowhead Mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.      When my husband and I first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. Large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. We sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how busy and compacted everyone was. We expected it and were happy to see all the buzz around the place. Our waiter got our drinks immediately and walked us through the menu. He warned us about a large party that had just arrived and that we needed to put any pizza order in soon other wise it would be over an hour wait for a Chicago style pizza.      My husband and I wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. The wait time on the pizza was not a negative strike to us - we knew hand making a pizza from scratch takes time and we were more interested in the other dishes anyways. My husband ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich and I ordered the Marinara Spaghetti while we shared the Giordano's Sampler. The food was FANTASTIC and i'll be posting pictures of it too. It was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love. The only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly. I believe my husband and I waited just over 10 minutes to get our appetizers, salads, and entrees. Our table almost couldn't fit it all. I ended up having to not finish my salad because I did not want my entree to get cold.      Other than that my husband and I had a great meal and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We also appreciated our waiter and his thoughts in items on the menu that were best for us and our time frame. I will definitely be back to have more from this delicious establishment - but with a party no larger than 3 I think for the next few months."