b"A call from tenants led me to research on YouTube on how to fix clogged kitchen sinks. Got my materials and started working on the pipes - trying to undo the p-trap joint.First of all - if it's not plastic its metal. If it's metal - it's super difficult to just unscrew even with a wrench or plier.  While doing so I noticed a leak from the sink drainer at the top. Now what I thought was a simple p-trap replacement to resolve a potential clog issue seemed like a much bigger job!So researched on Yelp and found E.H. Plumbing. Awesome reviews about service, response and pricing. Gave them a call and was immediately answered by Eric - mind you this is 10am on Friday morning. He gave me a lowdown on price to head over to the condo ~ $125 and then explained what I could be facing when it comes to fixing leaks and clogs for a kitchen sink.He got there in couple of hours as promised and inspected the pipes. Discussed it and by then I was determined to replace the metallic pipes with industry accepted plastic PVC. While he wasn't convinced that clog was due to pipes he did suggest replacement into plastic. So got his tools and eventually got all the pipes out. No way I could have accomplished that but he handled it very professionally and gave pointers along the way.Once the problem was identified to not be the pipes he attempted to snake the copper pipe running into the building. Source of issue was rusting of pipes in between the building. Anyway cleared the runs and put in the new pipes and now sink was clog free and draining as it should. Eric left right after the work and the total cost was about $200.During the midst of this the neighbors kitchen got flooded. Apparently the building had used a single line for two kitchens. So essentially my condo line met at a T-junction with the neighbors line and then we shared a single line after.Now here's where the 4 stars came into play for the review. Situation is while clog issue has been fixed with new pipes - can't really turn on sink without flooding neighbors floors. So called Eric and told him about the issue. Now he was great to have returned back to the condo after his other appointment but that's only because his other job was successful. Initially he forecasted waiting till Monday. That's a long time! Job is unfinished and I had already paid him!!Not sure if he would have come by as he did if his other appointment took longer than expected. That I felt was a slight snag in accountability. However - once he came by - isolated the issue and replaced the neighbors pipes under the sink that blew out for free! Overall great experience with Eric and E.H. Plumbing.  Will definitely use him again! Thank you Eric!"