b'Bottom line:  Go. Now.  Absolutely don\'t miss the guacamole starter and the carne asada taco platter.  We noticed Sonora when we were mapping restaurants nearby the La Quinta where we came for Colorado Rockies Spring Training games.  Growing up in Texas and having owned and run 3 small restaurants of my own, I am admittedly a tough grader.Carne Asada taco combo is five stars ($7.49), served with fresh white corn soft tortillas, nice homemade ranch beans and tasty rice.  Outstanding!  Tasty!  The barbacoa was tender with good seasonings but a little salty for my taste, so it gets 3 stars.  I prefer to add salt at the table, not the kitchen.The $6.25 appetizer of "guacamole" knocked our lights out!!  The avocados were complemented with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a dollop of pico de gallo.  Perfect!  With most restaurants, that is all you would get.  Not here.  A second small bowl included has a medium heat green tomatillo salsa.  Nice flavor to open and a pleasant warmth sneaks up on you to finish. The third bowl included with our "order of guacamole" was the real sleeper...these are green chiles like the Hatch peppers we get in Colorado.  Roasted over a smoky wood fire to infuse a marvelous richness to the chile-generous portion.  Again, not too picante, you can add heat with a tabletop hot sauce.  Too many places use heat to cover up lack of skill in the kitchen.This is real family cooking.  Our waitress Carla, the owner Celina and her son Marcos all work together in the kitchen and the personal touch is reflected in the flavors on the table.  Because it is family run, they close on Sunday so we were not able to return for the fish and shrimp tacos.We washed it down with cold and sweet homemade Horchata, redolent with cinnamon and very refreshing.Full and happy, we could not leave without sampling the ice cream in the front case.  Our table enjoyed rich, creamy ice cream sundaes covered with mango or strawberries.In Texas, the "hole in the wall" is what we all look for and share with our friends.  Nice to find one in Arizona.  If we come to Spring Training next year, we will definitely be back and send friends.'