b'Riddle me this?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD9OSSwLvB8Why did I, a complete non-smoker, find myself lounging in a hookah cafe on Pittsburgh\'s South Side after midnight on Good Friday? Well, once this show finished at The Rex Theater...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCZMiCfM1A4I needed sustenance and some refuge from that haven for the obnoxious and drunk known as Carson Street. Mike and Tony\'s was closing up for the night, and craving gyros, I had to keep moving past the bass-thumping bars, dodging the surly debutantes (they all HATE me, and I never even make eye contact with them, let alone leer at them. Is it because I DON\'T leer at them? It\'s sad and patriarchal, but so are they, so I digress...), and flatulent, fatuous "bros" as they are commonly referred to (they\'re real!), I had almost discarded all hope and headed straight towards the trolley stop until I came upon...http://www.comicartcollection.com/images/wantlist/sphinx.jpgNo, I didn\'t encounter a super-villian. What I did encounter was a minor bliss. I know nothing about hookah and have little interest in it, but when I sensed calm as I peeked into SCC and remembered that they do have a menu, I sat down in this carpeted room full of twentysomethings, all of whom were mocking the sounds of a babbling brook as they inhaled fumes from rubber tubes. Videos of gyrating belly dancers played on a television screen while everyone but the owner, my server, and I sat on pillows on the floor. Is there a more peaceful place to simply escape from all the madness in this often raucous part of town?Sphinx Cafe\'s menu doesn\'t aspire to be "authentic" Egyptian (try Isis Cafe in Brookline for truer Egytpo-fare ), offering up a number of Mediterranean, Arabic, and quasi-Mediterranean/Arabic snacks and dishes for those who actually might want to eat instead of smoke...or toke. The gyro I had came with potato chips and included rich, moist meat, crisp vegetables, and a fine, properly creamy-tangy tzatziki sauce. Although I could have done without being charged $2.50 for a can of ginger ale, the mild gouging affected me little considering my safe, civil, chill surroundings. That I went to a lounge in The South Side and didn\'t leave wanting to pulverize some greasy-haired mook is enough for me to recommend Sphinx Cafe to those who despise the bar scene and find themselves in the area on one of its worst two nights of the week. Perhaps, I\'ll cast my allergen-induced respiratory issues into the breeze and sample some hookah during a future visit to see what it\'s all about.P.S. The service was friendly and fairly prompt considering the laid-back ambience. P.P.S. For a small fee, one can rent board games to play.P.P.P.S. They were open until 2AM!P.P.P.P.S. The only music I heard in Sphinx Cafe was of the soft, Arabic kind that evening.'