b'I stayed here for 5 days so here\'s the breakdown. PROS:I got a 600 sq ft. suite on the 32nd floor with a fat ass balcony, strip view,  2 42" plasmas, TV in the bathroom, bomb ass shower with a rain nozzle on the ceiling, jacuzzi tub with jets and speakers, fridge, and one helluva comfortable ass bed.This was easily the nicest room with best view of the strip I have ever been in. You can see the whole strip because this hotel is on the other side of the 15. From Mandalay Bay all the way down to the Stratosphere, you can see everything. Paid 120 a night for this place. This room is easily worth 3 times that.Staff was on point with luggage and valet. 24 hour room service. Ipod dock with speakers. Bunch of kitchen utensils, stove, stocked mini fridge (don\'t even think about pulling anything out of there I can only imagine a jack daniels shooter is like 12 bucks)Button you can flip on permanently that lights up the do no disturb sign outside your room.Safe and 2 closets. Comfortable couch. Free USA today paper.Self parking was literally a 100 foot walk to my car every time. Did I mention it came out to 120 a night? All in all I was real happy with the whole experience. CONS:At check in I found out I needed to have a 500 dollar authorization put a credit card (100 for each night). I wasn\'t told this at anytime by palms or the site I booked through. The front desk guy did it for 300 cash but that was money I planned on spending on coke and hookers. No phone book in the room (personal pet peeve)No ice machine on each floor (brought to you by room service one tiny ass bucket at a time. Internet costs 13 bucks a day.Long distance phone calls cost (get this) 5.00 for the first minute, 79 cents for each additional. (I found this out after I made 2 calls)Fridge could have been bigger. Room service costs an absolute fortune and there was some crazy 10 dollar mark up on my bill so with tip, 2 small pizzas cost me like 50 bucks. Early check out? Doesn\'t exist on a Friday.200 dollar charge if you smoke in the room. 300 dollar charge if you don\'t check out on time. Check out is 11am (brutal when you were at the strip club till 3:30 am) All in all I was amazed with the room and the view. Might be the nicest place I ever stay at but the list of cons brought it down a star for me.  The website you want to check for the best deals is www.tripres.com.'