b"I've gone to this nail salon about 5-6 times/year for several  years now.  For me, it's very convenient with lots of stores, restaurants and a grocery minutes away and I love that you don't need an appointment.  The color choice is huge. So in the summer when I'm running errands I can just pop in there and there's normally not more than a 5-10 minute wait, but they do take appnts and there are a lot of regular clients.  There are even a few male clients.   I also LOVE that they're open on Sunday - yay!  A nice relaxing way to treat yourself at the end of the week.  Thursday, Friday and Sat. are their busiest days, but they have a full house of manicurists to handle the crowd.  I've had various levels of quality depending on who you get, but all seem to be well trained, perform their tasks very conscientiously with good hygiene practices and are pleasant to talk to.  It also seems to be well ventilated as I don't get that overwhelming chemical smell when I walk in.  If you find someone you really like, you can always make an appnt.  I have did that once with good results as they are very punctual.  Now this is not a luxury spa where you'll be given flavored coffee while you have a pedicure, its a moderately large, nails-only salon without a lot of fluff.  My only complaint is that the other side of being punctual is that sometimes I do feel a bit rushed.  I think the prices are fair - not cheap, but  not over-priced.There is a man that is the manager or owner who is normally in the front of the shop giving manicures and he is very friendly and knowledgeable and keeps things organized and everyone on schedule.  They also have another person in the front of the shop that is the sceduler, answes the phones, restocks supplies, etc.  I usually go for a pedicure without a massage every few months in the cold weather months to get rid of all that dried, dead skin and it feels sooo nice.  I get pedicures more frequently in the warmer months with an occasional manicure to treat myself if there's a special event coming up.  They have a long table in the front so you can sit and dry your toes or finger nails."