b"If you're like me, you get nervous with only 9 reviews.  And so here is number 10, and I'm keeping the current faith of 4 out of 5 stars.Normally I stay on the strip at the Mirage for about $99 a night after obnoxious resort fee.  But normally I do Sunday, Monday, Tuesdays, not popular weekends that can cost as much as $239 a night BEFORE the obnoxious aforementioned resort fee.  But I had great seats to finally see k. d. lang -- AND SO -- I went bargain shopping.All bargains led me to the Vegas Station casinos.  And all Yelp reviews cautioned that you get what you pay for.  And so the idea of abandoning the entire casino thing hit me and I was like, hey, how about a Hampton Inn way off the strip.  Instead I found this La Quinta.  Now, compared to the rooms and pool and spectacle of the Mirage, this was a joke.  But that's like comparing Carl's Jr to Houstons.  What I wanted was an affordable weekend rate -- which with AAA it was.  I also wanted some place to eat nearby in case I didn't feel like going all the way to strip quite yet.  Was I ever rewarded for that.Two restaurants are practically in the parking lot:  FIREFLY Spanish Tapas and SIENA Italian cuisine.  The tapas was okay, a little loud inside, but fun and cheaper than the strip.  SIENA was amazing and easily the best Italian food bargain on and off the strip (see my related review).  Both of these restaurants are important to consider, because the 'fancy' eats in the Mirage are twice the price but not twice the quality.  So here was a foodie's HUGE payoff for the gamble.Where my partner in crime and I got hosed was the pool and hot tub.  They had one of each.  They were clean.  They were small.  Someone made a decision whether parking was more important than the pool.  Parking won, which is unfortunate, because the pool was shrunken to ensure parking.  Instead of plants around the iron gates, you could hear every last noise of the adjacent apartment building complex.  Leaf blowers, trash collecting trucks, you name it.  It's strange that it was so noisy, because the hotel was otherwise quiet and cleverly off the main drag.The rooms were a beige blah and fake wooden furniture.  However, they were clean and the beds firm.  They do need to rework their window shades to ensure actual darkness because a ton of light pours in.So if you're used to strip elegance and demand it, pay through the eyeballs on the weekend to get it.  If, like me, you'd rather invest that mark up in good eats and see a few shows, this may be a place to try.  By the by, if you intend to stay here but visit the strip, you'll need a car.  Twenty minutes or so each way is ridiculous in a cab.  Thankfully many strip hotels offer free parking.One warning:  my first night of sleep was lousy.  This was the fault of the staff and not the room.  See, the room has this tricky way of working the AC, and my window AC unit should have had a sign telling me to ignore the unit's buttons and instead find the wall thermostat by the bathroom.  Basically, my best advice here - or in any such hotel when you're in this situation -- is too insist someone show you how to use it if you can't figure it out.One cool tip:  so you don't want to feel like a loser at this place but instead sip martinis in a fancy place?  THE RED ROCK CASINO is just minutes away.  Go there.  BE fabulous.  The savings at La Quinta will buy you a dinner with those martinis."