b"I was craving Vietnamese food today (yet again) so I decided to try someplace closer than 31st & Superior.Firstly, I'll say that the woman who took my order over the phone was very nice. Bowl of Pho is also nice on the inside but I ordered my food to go so I can't really comment on their waitstaff.Since everyone, their mothers and their grandmothers praise Superior Pho and pretty much claims everywhere else is mediocre (at best), I wasn't really hoping for the best. I was just hoping it was edible.I ordered 2 orders of spring rolls, bubble tea (strawberry), fried rice (chicken), and deluxe beef noodle.The bubble tea, while good, tasted... odd but not in a bad way though. It was very sweet and it tasted like a red licorice shake. O.oLuckily, I love red licorice. But it definitely didn't taste like strawberry, not even remotely. The tapioca pearls were good too and in my opinion, they were better than *gasp* the ones at Superior Pho.The food was pretty good too. The pho (which was my main dish) was terrific with a multitude of flavors and spices that hit the palate just right. Nice amounts of meat (not an overabundance but not super shady either). I had my food to-go so when I got home, I put in the the meat, sides and noodles which, because I'm  assuming they don't rinse off their noodles, were super starchy and was kinda congealed to the styrofoam to-go container. However, after me breaking it up a bit and placing them into the pho, they broke up a little bit so it wasn't just clumps of ramen sitting at the bottom of my bowl.The chicken fried rice my husband ordered was really good.The spring rolls were good as were the sauce but I have to admit that Superior Pho is well, superior with their spring rolls and the sauce (oh dear God, their sauccceeee!!).All in all, I came in not expecting much and now I'm full of delicious food and a new Vietnamese spot to eat at when I don't want to trek all the way downtown.Oh! Also just as important, they are slightly less expensive than other places I've been too. That's always a plus to me!"