b"Loved the Bakery.. Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):10th Floor, Venezia Tower.. Walked in here for Brunch. The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals. Starters:Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that. It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh. The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come? Who eats bread with ketchup?Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top. This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced.. This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites.. Sounded quite fancy for a breakfast dish - In Layman's Terms = Ham & Cheese Sandwich with Egg and Fries! Toast tasted like a really buttered croissant with an airy texture. Ham & Cheese wasn't the oscar mayer ham nor Kraft cheese I use for h&c sandwiches back at home, it was much more gourmealicous! Plus, with the fried egg, more like a sunny side up egg and their white creamy/frothy sauce, makes an Incredible Sandwich! Fries were served as a generous amount and were plain good. Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast: Corned Beef hash came in shallow bowl with a blanket of overeasy eggs practically covering the hash. I scooted over the eggs to try just the flavor of the corned beef. They were little cubed chunks sitting on top of some pretty tasty juice/sauce. The cubes tasted and had the texture of ham. The juice/sauce gave it a great beef flavor but not the usual Real and typical corned beef I'm used to having. Nevertheless, it was Good. The toast were thick and had a buttery flavor and reminded me of a Crouton. Like a Toast Bread Shaped Crouton?!..Fancy  Place, Great Service, Delectable Food But Came with a price.. $83.00 for 2 including 11.00 Tip.. Oh, it did include 2 Mimosa's! Cheers!!"