b"We had a great dim sum lunch experience here this weekend!There were about 20 people waiting outside when we arrived, so I thought that Andrew and I would have to wait for half an hour or more to get in, but to our surprise, we were seated right away in a small anteroom with several small tables and two large ones. A waiter brought us a pot of tea and forks/knives for Andrew, too.I had dim sum with my family all the time growing up so I knew what I was doing, but Andrew was a little startled and put off by the nature of the service, especially when two cart-pushers got into a traffic jam near our table and shouted at each other. It's all part of the chaotic, fast-paced dim sum experience, though. I got us rice sheet rolls with bbq pork, shumai (shrimp/pork/mushroom), hakow (shrimp), pork potstickers, and eggplant stuffed with shrimp. Everything was extremely yummy and we were full after only 15 minutes! We didn't feel pressured to leave when we were done (nor, apparently, did the folks at the table next to us, who sat without food, discussing TMI health problems for the entire time we were there).You really don't need to speak Chinese to eat here--I don't--the servers call out the names of their dishes in English, and you can hold up your fingers to say how many you'd like, or just point and nod. No pressure to take anything you don't want to--just shake your head or avoid eye contact altogether. At the end, wave to one of the waiters and they add up your stamp card and ring you up at your table. It was $22 + tip for the two of us--not bad at all, considering how much food and the variety of dumplings we got!It was definitely comparable to many dim sum restaurants I've been to in the San Francisco area! Next time it might be nice to come with more people, so we can try more dishes between us plus some of the stuff from the menu, but we'd also probably have to wait longer. When we left, there were probably 40 or 50 people waiting to be seated!Yum yum yum. Now back to Burlington, to dream of dim sum until our next Montreal visit."