b"My friend was given a groupon as a birthday gift for the zombie shooting experience. We are both horror junkies so this was thrilling news to hear. I use the link provided by groupon which directed me to the website......... I found this website to be EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to navigate. Once to the website you're presented with different options with different prices however there are no descriptions to what comes with each price....... I.E. The groupon was for the shooting experience which correlates to the 36$ option there was however nothing there to explain this I only found this out after making a phone call and several trial and error attempts. Upon arriving you're set up with a group of people, about 10 or so. You patiently wait your turn until a drill sergeant hurls the door open demanding the next group of survivors. You go outside where the commanders teach you how to use the pump handle shotgun, give you a few practice shots, and let you take a group photo with a zombie. Soon after you're headed to the first zone. Your group of 10 is divided into 3 smaller groups each having to go one group at a time through each zone.......... Zone 1 was a nice practice round with only about 2 or 3 zombies in the zone.......... Zone 2 a much larger area with about 10 zombies coming after you ...... The zombies do run and get extremely close .......... Once I realized this I more so ran than focused on actual shooting ......... Zone 3 your entire group goes and splits down two different paths ........ I was part of the group that took the left path which had 2 zombies meanwhile the right path was loaded with them ........... After zone 3 you are done with your mission and enter inside to review the 3 photos you took with your zombie. The price is 35$ for all 3 photos. After purchasing the photos we remembered the groupon came with free t-shirts. I go and choose my shirt. My friend goes and chooses her she spins it around to look at the size and there sits a HUGE brown spider on the back. Not part of the gig. A live spider attached to her shirt. The man that sold us the photos came and shook the spider off outside. All in all a great experience. My tidbits would be to pop off as many shots as you can as the zones do not take much time to get through and to check the merchandise for spiders."