b"My normal lunch routine has consisted of cheap, fast food contraptions and bowls of Progresso soup. So, a change in food was very much needed. My co-workers mentioned this restaurant a while ago. Today, I decided to feed my culinary curiosity and order lunch for my co-worker (aka my lunch homie) and I. Harry's Grill and Tavern, here we come! Here are some of the items that we ordered :Mapleleaf Farms Duck Wings w/Bourbon BBQ sauce and Jicama Slaw1) Initially, the chicken looked a little parched. Last night's chicken? Ummm, I hope not. However, the taste was decent. Portion size was good. 2) The Jicama slaw was an excellent take on slaw. Traditional slaw (cabbage) can sometimes become very boring. However, the Jicama put a nice spin on it. The lunch homie, though, with her traditionalist, non-risk taking tongue, let the slaw fall gently from her mouth. You can't please every palate.\xc2\xa0 Small Mixed Green Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette and Mac - N - Cheese - Lunch Combo1) Harry's Mac - N - Cheese was the greatest joy that I experienced during this meal! The consistency and texture was great...not too dry and not loose...just creamy goodness in my belly! The levels of cheesiness was outstanding. And the light sprinkling of panko crumbs provided that last bit of contrast and crunch. The Comfort Food gods have bestowed their blessings on this particular dish.2) Bought the Small Mixed Green salad to eat for dinner. The portion size definitely small, but it's packed with some good stuff. Can't wait to get my greedy hands on it later this evening! Harry Old Fashioned Burger with a side of Sweet Potato Fries1) My lunch homie ordered a Harry's Old Fashion Burger with a side order of sweet potato fries. I snagged a few and they were good. I've ordered sweet potato fries at other establishments and I've always needed additional condiments (i.e. Honey Mustard sauce)\xc2\xa0 to add some taste. However, we both agreed that these fries were great by themselves. The slight sweetness of vanilla gave the side item a little more depth, while the salt reminds you that it's still a fry.She was less enthusiastic about her burger, though. I believed she said that she had better times with a BK Whopper. Hey, I'm not a burger connoisseur,\xc2\xa0 so who am I to judge? The presentation of the burger was well put together. Wasn't sloppy or unappealing. Just your typical pub burger waiting to be consumed.All items were moderately priced. My tab totaled to 31.12. Our lunch take out order was timely ( ready in 15 minutes) and accurate. Great location and if you're a non-parallel parker such as myself, they have easy access to the restaurant from the parking garage.\xc2\xa0 I will definitely return to see what Harry's has to offer for dinner and brunch. I must try the Lobster Mac - N - Cheese!!!"