b'OK, This place is fantastic. It feels miles away from the casino even though it is in the casino. We went at least 8 times in our 3-night PH stay. We loved the formula which reminded me of the Cheesecake Factory with the super-sized creative dishes. We finally made it to breakfast which is one of my complaints since they serve "breakfast" \'round-the-clock but the real breakfasts are only in the AM. Like more variety of omlettes and waffles.So my big complaint is how we charged our 12:30 AM dessert and coffee tab to our room. At check-out my darling noticed our extras tab had a swollen total for that dessert visit. Don\'t mess with Meg. Our bill was $17 and we left a (fair) $4. tip. Especially considering the restaurant happened to be out of half and half (I went next-door to Starbucks and brought back some in a tasting cup) I understand a restaurant 86\'ing on stuff but vanilla ice cream? Di had to have a hot fudge sundae with the only remaining flavor, strawberry. But for our waitress to give herself a $17 tip ON TOP of ours, I\'m sure she must-have sized us up as guests who wouldn\'t nit-pick the tab. The tip was bigger than our bill.We got the credit at the desk after Meggie produces our receipt and the next night I called the shift supervisor, Matt who was very interested in our situation. He offered us ONE free meal. I was disappointed in his gesture. But we will go back for sure. Any place can have a shady employee and it barely affects my warm, fuzzy feelings about Planet Dailies. In fact, at our breakfast (10:45 AM) When our amazingly cheerful waitress actually read back our table order memorized, Di had never had a wait person do that before. She was really impressed. The food is high-quality fabulous. The atmosphere is great and their coffee is that kind we lust over. Real coffee shop coffee with that hint of chickory. We love that you can go right up to the counter with the stools in the middle of the restaurant and get coffees to go. Starbucks is too strong for my darling. So it would have been 5 stars if we didn\'t have that desperate waitress.'