b"bright alley:King West:It seems that I am on an 'eat at unidentifiable' restaurant phase. Last Saturday was Bremner (see tomorrow's post) in Montreal and today was Buca. If you're not looking for it, you will miss it. It's next to Cheval. In fact, they share the same alleyway. Buca was exactly what I thought it would be.  A clean space with simple details. Special shout out to their light fixture, I loved it.  As those who reviewed before me pointed out, Buca used to be boiler house and you can still see that. It's very industrial with huge ceilings. It's actually basement level but they've opened it up so that a lot of light can shine through. The lunch menu was pretty extensive, and priced average for King West. I hear they vary their lunch menu, although there are few constants, such as the rosemary, garlic bread knots.Service was slow to start, but got stellar and stayed that way throughout our long lunch.  Olive Ascolane - fried olives stuffed with lamb sausage - crunchy, salty and tangy.Pizza, sadly, I don't remember what this was called, but it had smoked buffalo cheese, chilies, and the day's cured meats.  It was spicy, salty, and smoky. Bigoli - homemade pasta with duck egg and a duck rag\xc3\xb9 with mascarpone and basil.  OMG. I loved this dish. The portion is small, but lest we forget, we on King West.  Course if it were a little bigger, I would say I superloved it. And of course, dessert:Pannacotta with kiwi berries. KIWI BERRIES?!?! I Googled it because I've never heard of such a thing, much less tasted such a thing. I had to know more. Their proper term is actinidia arguta, or hard kiwi. Apparently it is native to Korea (amongst other countries). They are really delicious, and I think I love them. It was a proper pannacotta. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered it at a restaurant and been served messed up pudding. This was creamy, delicately flavoured and delicious. The tart tasted exactly how it smelled - amazing.  Sweet gelati, maple syrup and pistachios added textures to the delicate tart and pumpkin filling.If I had to choose the best dish of the day, I would go with the bigoli and the pannacotta.  The bread knots are also well-known but I think I want to try the pig ears next time. Word of warning, Buca doesn't serve complimentary bread, which may be why people like the knots so much. If you have to pay for bread, why not getting something more creative."