b'Came here for lunch on Monday after running around for smog check and hair cut (which both didn\'t happen btw because smog check had 3 cars ahead and my hair stylist was out of town till Tuesday)Incidentally i was in the main Chinatown plaza (for the haircut) and decided to come here for lunch. I got lucky and found parking like right in front of the restaurant (everyone knows parking sucks in this complex). After i went into the restaurant, all the side tables were occupied. The waiter asked if I would be willing to sit in the big table in the middle with others, and i was fine with that. Fastest lunch ever. I was in and out of the restaurant in like 15 - 20 minutes. This was about 0100PM on a Monday afternoon. I was sat at my seat, given the menu, gave my order of the Piquant Intestine Noodle with extra noodle, got my food, ate, and gone. Like the menu picture shows, the Piquant Intestine Noodle gives you some bak choy, piquant intestine, and noodles. Very simple but flavorful noodle soup. Not sure what piquant intestine means but from my experience in eating intestines, it was like, mini large intestines. I had wished they had used normal sized large intestines as they are much "meatier". The soup base at a "normal spiciness" is pretty decent. Had a good amount of "ma" and "la" which is the numb and spicy aspects of chongqing/sichuan cuisine but was not overpowering so i was able to eat my noodles fast. Price wise, it was great. I think my bowl of noodles were $8.99. With a free 100g side of extra noodles, it was a good amount of food for my hungry self, since i haven\'t really ate since 0630AM that morning. Not sure if it was because i was able to eat much faster than i did last time (not status post night of drinking and dehydration), the noodles didn\'t really soak up the soup as much as it did last time. Service was quick. Unfortunately they didn\'t refill my cup of mung bean soup. Since the "visit" was so fast, it didn\'t really bother me too much. Would like to come back to try other noodles like the spare rib noodles, special gizzard noodles.'