b'We all had high expectations for this place and I must admit the expectations were met! Normally I am not a fan of "steakhouses" so I was pleased that my parents wanted to go to a seafood/steak place for their 35th wedding anniversary. I\'ve been to City Hall in old town for steaks before and have always been pleased, so I think I knew what to expect from Ocean Club.We arrived and were seated right away (with reservation on a Sunday night). They have a very large bar area (well known in the area as cougar hunting grounds) which looked nice and fully stocked. I think the bar area is actually larger than the dining room. The cocktails on the menu were expensive, far more expensive that the average for the area (approx $20 each), and they weren\'t that fantastic. But the wine and beer selection was fairly good.Now, on to the food - We started with oysters which were SO fresh. I am always hesitant eating any seafood in Arizona (or anywhere landlocked) but you could really taste the ocean. Our server informed us that they fly in their seafood daily so ensure freshness. Not good for my global footprint, but I will accept the freshness none the less. Both the boyfriend and I got steak and lobster tail. I got mine with the small filet (6oz) and it was lovely and cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the New York cut and seemed to really enjoy it. My father got the Mahi Mahi and also enjoyed it alot, I was surprised at the large portion of the Mahi. They offered to cook it a variety of ways, he chose to have it grilled with lemon. We also had the lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus on the side. The lobster mashed potatoes had huge pieces of lobster in it, but was under seasoned. In fact, everyone put salt on their steak/fish/sides throughout the evening and we aren\'t big salt eaters. I suppose I would rather my food under salted vs over salted but you\'d think when you pay so much money they would get the balance right for you.All in all, the service was great, the food was good, and we had an enjoyable celebration. This place is very expensive but I\'d say it\'s worth it for a special occasion.'