b"My BF and I went to Vegas for my birthday and we weren't looking to spend a ton of money and the plaza had a great deal for like $30 a night. We wanted more money to gamble with so we stayed there. Very weary after all of the reviews we had read I was actually surprised when I got there. Yes this place is old.. there is no arguing that the duct tape carpet on the third floor should be replaced. However I did not  plan to sleep in that hallway so what did I care? The elevators are a tad bit slow ok I'll give ya that.. so we used the stairs a few times to help work off our buffets! what did people ever do in the past before there were elevators? When we got there we found the registration desk has been moved to the first floor and our check in person was very nice she upgraded us for free to a view over freemont street non smoking room. Our room was clean and my only notation was that it smelled like cleaning products so I opened the window and put on the fan and voila fixed! Not a big deal at all... The buffet was actually pretty good for the price and they even accomodated me and my special eating needs which made me super happy since some of the bigger hotels refused. Honestly you get what you pay for here which is a comfortable, clean place (unless you plan on sleeping in the hall) place to sleep a few hours before taking on the town. Also I want to make a note that yes there was a few stains on the carpet in the hotel room but this is what I realised.. First off these carpets are REALLY old right? The quality of carpet from back in the day for actual stain removal wasnt near as good as the quality of carpets we have now. Also I actually figured out that those carpets in the room.. they are stained but that doesnt make hem dirty.. they actually smell like carpet shampoo... how many of you have ever been to a hotel and spilled something on the carpet that stained and figured oh well least it was at the hotel and not at home right? Their issue not mine lol... well like I said these carpets may have some wear to them but that doesn't make them actually dirty!"