b'When you drive up to this place, no amount of four and five star reviews can dispel the innate dread that is uniquely conjured up when you\'re visiting one of the seediest-of-the-seedy-looking Phoenix strip malls. You know the ones, bleached out by the sun, faux-gold-trimmed red letters blaring at you. The instinctive feeling that there is no way you\'re going to make it from your car to the door without being asked to loan a few dollars to a guy down on his luck but somehow inexplicably blessed with a handgun down his waistband.Then you walk in. And it\'s like you\'re in a dainty Asian bistro in Scottsdale. Except there\'s one big screen TV and it\'s tuned to CMT. Ha ha, you smugly think to yourself - there\'s no way a TV would be tuned to CMT in Scottsdale! But then you are just taken with how lovely the place is. But WTF? Do you seat yourself? Two Asian women dressed as servers are fliitting about, but don\'t seem to see you (as it turns out, this is an unfortunate recurring theme here). Eventually, one does see you. "Two?" she pantomimes, holding up two fingers but not actually speaking. "Two," you say, acknowledging. They then seat you at the only table in the entire restaurant that is made for two. Neatly tucked right behind the kitchen\'s microwave, which you will hear beeping incessantly during your meal. I am being jocular, of course, but seriously, we looked around and we were both like "wow, this is the only two-seater in the whole place. They must not get many parties of two!" While I am trying to be funny, I\'m not at all kidding about the microwave beeping.During the remainder of the meal, the wait staff can only be described as "oddly distracted and negligent, considering there were maybe ten people in the whole restaurant." There was no rudeness, and once our orders were in, food came VERY quickly. The thing is, it took fifteen minutes (and a pretty decent glare on my part) before a waitress came to ask us what we wanted to drink. Well thank you, since I\'ve been sitting here for fifteen freaking minutes, I know not only what I want to drink, but what I want to eat. So we ordered.When the food came, and it came fast, it was a blizzard of BRILLIANCE. I had the hot and spicy fish (hot), my wife had the pad thai (medium).  Both dishes were unbelievably delicious. I had mine "hot" and it was agreeably hot, I will try the "thai hot" next time just to see how much they can make me sweat. Both dishes were absolutely wonderful. The appetizer of "thai eggrolls" was delicious, if meager.During the meal we were asked if we wanted refills this many times: 0. We were asked how our meal was this many times: 0. We were approached by our waitress for any reason whatsoever this many times: 0. Once we were done with our meal, we flagged our waitress down (clearly, she was having a rough night, what with the 6 or 8 people left in the restaurant) and managed to get a check. As bad as the service was, the food is so stupid good that I\'m giving four stars anyway. Do yourself a favor: if you like Thai food, give Siam Thai a shot.'