b'Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person. It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.  But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition. Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it! I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.  The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.  The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.  It just worked out better for us.The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.  I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.  The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.  Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.  But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.  The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.  But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.Review #2 of 2014'