b"While recently visiting Cleveland and looking for a good place to enjoy a nice meal on a Saturday night with an old friend, she suggested we check out what is apparently the hottest new spot in town. I was of course intrigued when she mentioned that they had Mexican food - as I am a huge fan of anywhere where there are margaritas and chips and salsa. We called earlier in the day in hopes of getting a reservation, but were told they were booked and we'd have better luck simply arriving and waiting for a table. When I got there around 7:45 I was told the wait would be about an hour for a table for three, so we promptly posted up at the bar and got ourselves a cucumber and spicy mango margarita - both of which could not have been more different or more phenomenal. The cucumber marg was cool and refreshing, a delicious summer beverage and the mango was spicy - seriously so - and delicious - the perfect pair with their guac and chips. We were seated in a little under 45 minutes from the time we walked in, which wasn't bad and went fast while seated at the bar, enjoying the first drinks. Immediately when we sat down we began perusing and knew we wanted some queso and guac. It took a few minutes before a server appeared and when he did we promptly ordered some cucumber guac and some chorizo queso. The queso and guac were unusual - the queso in an amazing way - it wasn't so cheesy and contained a very generous portion of sausage and onions and was served with tacos. The guac however wasn't really my jam - I didn't love the cucumbers in there and found myself eating around them. We got the gouda dumplings which were unlike anything else I've ever tasted and were amazing. We also tried the shrimp taquitos which came in a sauce that was literally unreal - seriously I was dipping my chips in it and would have eaten it with a spoon. We also go the brisket tamales which were good, but a little sweet for the mood I was in that night and not enough relleno sauce in my book. We also got a side of beans and rice and I rarely say this, but the rice was heavenly with some lime on it - seriously the best white sticky rice I've ever had. The prices for the quality and portions were great - for two apps, two drinks, three side dishes and two mains we paid $90 and took home two large to go boxes because we just couldn't finish everything. This place is 4.5 stars, just can't give it the full 5 because the service was a little slow and I didn't dig the cucumber guac."