b"Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  I never would have known about Al Mike's (as it is known casually) without reading the reviews on Yelp.  Most people said very positive things, so we decided to go here for my birthday dinner.  There were 5 of us, and then 7 on a Saturday night.  Granted the weather was terrible, but we were easily seated at a comfortable table in the middle of the restaurant.  The waitress put up with our indecisiveness with grace and humor, and answered all of our questions very nicely.Our group started with the Fried Pickles, and even with that many people one order was enough.  Of course, if you know Fried Pickles you know that too much is not a good thing.  These were light and not greasy, even though they came out to us super-hot and fresh out of the fryer.  Their ranch dressing was wonderful, and really complimented the sharp dill taste of the pickles.Our entrees arrived very quickly, and our table ordered everything from one of the specials, to pasta, to a burrito.  All reports back on entrees were positive.  We had a vegetarian in the group and he was easily acommodated by their menu.My Feta Chicken dish was chicken (duh) served over penne pasta with lots of veggies and covered in feta cheese.  The taste of the dish was great, and my only complaints had to do with texture.  The sauce was more of a broth, which is how it was described in the menu, but I guess I was expecting a bit more structure to it.  And, the chicken was tough.  Flavorful, but tough.  The rest of the dish was great.  The feta was lively, and there were some wonderful mushrooms in the sauce that were a treat to discover every few forkfuls.Because it was my birthday, I got a free chocolate brownie!  It came out with a little candle in it, which was very sweet.  Our group also ordered the bread pudding.  Between the two desserts, I think the bread pudding might be the superb choice even though I'm a chocolate girl through and through.  It had a complex flavor that was just delightful.  The brownie was good, as really all brownies are.I prefer wine, and while the wine list is not extensive here I was perfectly happy with the pinot noir on the menu.  If you are a beer drinker, than this place has a ton of options for you!  The rest of my group drank beer, and heartily enjoyed it.I am so glad to have found Al Mike's, and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!"