b'I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his food firsthand.  At first, I was really turned off by the "tex-mex" concept and even the name "Mesa Grill" didn\'t sound too appetizing, but we took a risk... and Bobby delivered.  We came here for my husband\'s 27th birthday and he had a wonderful time.SERVICE: 5 Solid Stars!  The hostesses sat our party right away even though not everyone was there.  We were immediately served water and asked if we wanted any cocktails.  I really loved our waiter.  He wasn\'t just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful conversation throughout our meal.  He talked to us about how long he had been working there, and what Bobby\'s like... and he knew the menu like the back of his hand.  It was like having a new friend dine with us throughout the duration of our meal.  I wish I caught his name so I can give him props!FOOD:Bread Basket - 2 stars.  They start you off with a variety of breads.  There was a jalapeno one, another one with some blue corn in it, and a third one that I can\'t recall.  All were very unique, but unfortunately, I wasn\'t a fan.  I didn\'t think the bread was very soft or moist, and the flavors didn\'t do it for me.  Kudos for thinking outside the box though.  The butter also wasn\'t the soft, spreadable kind.Blue Corn Pancake - 5 stars.  This appetizer came highly recommended by our server.  There was barbecued duck inside pancake (like a glorified taco), and a habanero chili star-anise sauce drizzled all over it.  The flavors all worked so well together to deliver an explosion of flavors in my mouth.Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - 4 stars.  This was larger than expected!  It is pretty filling and could easily be substituted for a meal as a filler.  Or you can split this between 2-3 people and share it as an appetizer.  It\'s a pretty heavy dish and hard to eat too much of.  There\'s a large fried egg on top of a tortilla.  Embedded in the tortilla is smoked tomato salsa, grilled green onion, and crispy artichokes.  For our entree, my husband and I shared the New Mexican Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even though I was realllly eyeing the 22 ounce bone-in Ribeye.  The waiter said the pork tenderloin was their signature dish so that\'s why we ordered it even though I\'m not a huge fan of pork.  It wasn\'t until the dish arrived that we were convinced we had made the right choice!!  WOW, that was one tender, delicious, savory, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.  The spice rub added a bit of heat, and I can easily say this is the best piece of pork I\'ve ever been served.  It came with a side of the most amazing tamale.  I can\'t even begin to describe how good it was.  You just have to try it.  5 Stars for this entire dish!!!I sampled some of the other dishes from my friends, but the pork dish was the definite standout.  My friend ordered the lamb chops, but they tasted a bit gamey and weren\'t as tender as they could\'ve been.  The pan seared Halibut was tender and flaky paired with a lovely curry spice reduction.  I\'d give both these dishes 4 stars.  All in all a wonderful experience.  Glad I finally got to try one of Bobby\'s restaurants!'