b'Ok, I\'m being generous  here and giving 4 stars, I really should give 3 and a 1/2, Here goes...I\'m an LA resident and over the Summer I work in Vegas, this weekend I\'m not going home, I\'m traveling East to a family reunion so I wanted to get a Mani-Pedi before I go...this place is within walking distance and open late so I decided to give them a shot. The young lady who did my pedicure was very sweet, attentive and friendly. However, I was supposed to get a manicure as well and what I got was, well...half of that.(hence the 1/2 star) while getting my pedicure, another young lady came over and grabbed my hand and pulled out the small shelf. Then she put my hand down and walked away for maybe 6 or 7 minutes. She returned with a nail file and I jokingly said "oh I thought you forgot about me"...(the look she gave me let me know that she didn\'t get the joke). She proceeds to file my pinky nail then her friend walks in and she runs to hug her and never returns. My pedicure and massage are done to perfection and I am assisted to the table to get my nails done by a different nail tech who just came in the door for her shift. I assume she will perform the "actual" manicure, She doesn\'t. No massage no cuticle oil no trimming or pushing back of cuticles...I had decided to try the SNS dipping powder and she just jumped right in, proceeded to file my nails and apply the powder. She was very nice as well and very funny as was Danny who was beside us performing color application on another client. The nail tech finished my SNS but the top coat was taking too long to dry and was dull looking. Danny ended up fanning my nails by hand to help them dry then finally had the first girl (who walked away from me) to remove the top coat and apply a gel coat instead and use the UV light to dry it. All in All The finished product looks pretty good, however I\'ve determined that I am not a fan of the SNS powder as it looks thick on my natural nails as if I have chunky acrylic nails and I\'ve never been a fan of those...not their fault, just not my cup of tea but for $70 (plus $15 tip) I should have gotten a complete Manicure. I think next time I\'ll get my nails done while at home over the weekend, save myself some $$ and get full services.'