b'While I do agree with most of the negative comments and the reasons given for them by the first three reviewers, both my wife and I found Showstoppers, while clearly flawed in some respects, to be very entertaining, energetic, happy presentation, and I\'d recommend it to anyone who is fond of musical theatre.  We left "singing and dancing," so to speak, and isn\'t that what how you want to feel when you leave a Broadway musical?That said, the show could clearly benefit from some serious "tweaking," and my criticisms largely echo those of the other reviewers.It clearly is too short.  My wife and I both predicted that the closing number would be from A Chorus Line, which it basically was, ignoring "There\'s No Business Like Show Business."  Yet, when it ended and the cast took their perfunctory bows, I found it difficult to accept that this was "all that there is," and they weren\'t going to come out again for one more "wow" number.  We left kind of scratching our heads.The show needs a good emcee.  Steve--shut your mouth, get out of the way, and get someone who can move the show from one song to the next smoothly.  YOU ARE NOT THE SHOW.  WE DON\'T SHARE YOUR INTEREST IN YOURSELF.Everyone has their own favorite numbers, but some of the selections, given other possibilities, seemed strange.  Could have done without the number from Damn Yankees as well as the opening number, which was too obscure for me.Agree that during the "have to set up the stage for the next big number" it would have been terrific to have he show slow down a bit with perhaps someone performing "Memories" from Cats, or some other Andrew Lloyd Weber song--there are so many of them, and this would get the audience relaxed and ready for the next razzle-dazzle  number. The cast was terrific, in my opinion.  They have talent, have clearly worked so very hard, and it shows.  They deserve to have Steve step back and let someone more experienced in musical theatre take over.  Why not include the big number from Mame?  Not sure what is required to get authorization to do any particular number, etc., but there is no doubt, in my mind, that some substitutions would make for a much better show.I hope Showstoppers makes it.  I\'d go to see it again if it were tweaked.  Hell--you could change the show every couple of months if you had enough numbers prepared, etc.  Wouldn\'t that be something?'