b"Menu: http://www.ruelo.com/ (Includes cakes and macarons list, they have more stuff at the location.)What we had: various flavours of macarons, Ruelo cake, green tea red bean sesame cake, strawberry yuzu cake, white chocolate lemon cake (not listed on their website)Taste: 10/10Can we give 11/10? We absolutely love their cakes, especially the Ruelo cake. That's our favourite cake in the whole world. It's like Ferrero Rocher made into a super decadent cake. Their cakes are consistent masterpieces and look elegant. Their website has descriptions of the cakes so we will not go into detail in our review. The only cake that we weren't big on was the green tea red bean sesame cake because it was not sweet enough for our taste. If you like a cake that's very light tasting and has low sweetness, you may like the green tea cake. The macarons here are good as well; the Ruelo macaron is Laura's favourite. One of the more recent flavours we've tried is the strawberry yogurt, which had the yogurty tartness and was interesting. We really really really want to try the Cream Cheese Orange flavour, but we never see it available in store. :( Value: 5/10Not going to lie, the goods are expensive. Like we've said about the other location: The servings they list on their website are waaaaaaaay off. The small cake is supposed to serve 6-8 people? More like 6-8 mice, and that's being generous. We can each decimate a 5' mango almond cake on our own. (Not proud of it, but true facts.) That being said, their cake prices are cheaper and tastier than Nadege, and their single serving cakes are not too expensive (around $6, forget exact price). Service/Convenience: 8/10This location is in Time Square, and if you've been there, you know that finding parking is almost impossible. Once you manage to find parking, finding the store front is easy. We never tried their afternoon tea thing, but from the times we bought cakes and macarons, the staff here are very friendly and efficient.When we came here to get Laura's bday cake, the staff did not have a cake available but they were very accomodating; they were able to assemble the cake in 15 minutes.Would go back? Yes, this is Laura's go-to cake store for special occasions. Would recommend to friend? Yes, the cakes, and macarons if the friend is into macarons.Similar places: Nadege Patisserie"