b"Fancy a fancy night out? This may be the place to go. I remember a little bit about coming here as a kid. It was a time i had to wear those shoes with the fluffy socks. Now as an adult I was were socks with polka dots but you could see them under my boot. This is a fancy place, we talking jackets and dress. The also have a small valet outside if you're feeling like a VIP. We however self parked and walked through the revolving door. We checked in with the hostess and maybe waited 5 minutes. While be walked to the table they were being really courteous. Asking us questions like if we lived here and if we were celebrating anything. Of course we were just here to stuff our face. :) We sat down and already had an idea of what we were ordering. We went with the Diamond Jim Brady Cut. It's an extra thick portion. Me and my friend decided to split everything. They started with the salad. This was so fun to watch. It's a spinning bowl and they pour the dressing in and mix. After finishing the salad they brought the prime rib station over. They cut our piece and gave us an extra plate. They asked us how we wanted it cooked and we said medium well and we kinda got medium. We just ate it anyways, not a huge deal. The prime rib came with mashed potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding. The pudding is like bread and by itself is good but dipping in the juice and potatoes with some seasoning was very tasty. My favorite part of the whole entire meal was the seasoning pepper. I have a slight addiction to pepper and I was not disappointed with this all over my salad and even a little on my prime rib. We also order a side of scalloped potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus weren't cooked enough for me, but the scalloped potatoes were a mouthwatering side. With our dinners we had a ginger ale and a glass of wine. We order a mocato and it was the best I've had. We asked for the name again and the server wrote it down for us. She was so sweet. She explained everything to us and gave us the rundown on the menu too. We ended our meal with creme brulee. It was topped with fruit and probably the only good picture I took. The hard caramel was left for last to enjoy and savor..  We left full and were really happy with our choice to dine for the evening."