b"Wow beautiful hotel, amazing state of the art rooms. We stayed on the 22nd floor and had a balcony with a lively view of the entire strip area. The room was great. Gorgeous stainless steel kitchen, flat electric stove, fridge, sink and even a dishwasher. The cabinets were stocked with pretty much anything you'd need in a kitchen. Toaster, coffee maker, mixing bowls, a variety of cups, silverware, plates, bowls, etc even seasonings. There was lots of storage, not just in the kitchen but the room entirely. Loved the hidden cabinets on the walls. Bath robes were provided. A nice big safe as well. The doorbell was great, you can also turn it off to red to avoid being disturbed. 2 flat screen tvs in the room. Comfy bed with goose down comforter. There's a pull out in the couch, and they provide you with extra pillows and blankets for it. The bathroom was lovely and spacious. There was a massive Jacuzzi tub, bug enough for 3 adults. There wasn't much hot water tho. The shower had 2 different heads; one above you with the rainfall effect and another on a hose. Good water pressure, not too hard but not low either. I loved that there was a makeup mirror and full body mirror in the bathroom. My only suggestion is that they replace the unflattering orange/yellow bulbs in the bathroom with white bulbs, as it made it very difficult for me to do my makeup. The mirror light was also yellow. Nice marble floors in the bathroom and kitchen and beautiful real wood floors throughout the rest of the room. Unfortunately the Wi-Fi wouldn't work for me and I didn't get much cell signal in the room either, even from the balcony. Room service was good, very expensive, but the taste was good. The only thing is I wish the hollandaise sauce tasted less bitter and came warm, not cold. I had to spread it like mayo on my eggs. I prefer this hotel over the main Palms. The lobby is more personable and at Christmas time, they had a Christmas tree there (but no tree in the lobby of the main hotel?). My only suggestion for the lobby into have more than 1 person at the front desk for check in/out. The bellhop wasnt very careful with our luggage. The valet was difficult. You have to park it then wait in line at the valet desk to check your car in, versus most Vegas hotels were the valet takes your car and hands you a ticket. It's inconvenient and the time it takes to do all that, takes longer than to simply park your own car. Overall, a very lovely hotel, will definitely make this our go-to when visiting Vegas!"