b'When I walked into Epicure Cafe today it was like bizarroland - like when you come home from vacation and sense that everything isn\'t in its right place. You know you\'re at home, but someone\'s moved something, rearranged the furniture, or otherwise changed things ever so slightly but just enough to make you suspicious. This wasn\'t the Epicure Cafe that I remember from three or four years ago.I learned from Jackie, our cutesy server who was a total dupe for actress Clea DuVall, that a few years ago Epicure changed locations. To a few doors down farther east on Queen, on the same side of the street. Which explains the slightly-different-but-not-quite layout, decor and seating. It was a pleasant surprise. I didn\'t venture upstairs but I was told there\'s an outdoor eating area that will have to be explored on my next visit.The menu options are, like others have said, a bit overwhelming. But for the fussy eater (I was with one of them) there was no lack of choice - Epicure has everything from pasta (17 choices, including different sauces and shapes), burgers, pizza, wraps and another full page of duck/veal/lamb/chicken options. I appreciate the selection but it could stand to be honed a little! Luckily Jackie was able to recommend favourites when we showed indecision. My eyes went straight for the Pumpkin Ravioi ($14), which I was assured was "not a mistake". And it wasn\'t. I barely looked up my from my plate as I feasted my eyes on the glorious, pillowy ravioli on my plate. They were seasoned with ginger and nutmeg, tossed in parmesan cream sauce with grilled corn, wilted spinach and mushrooms. The mushrooms were perfectly sauteed, the spinach was wilted just right and the corn was fresh and added the exact amount of crunch that the dish needed. The portion wasn\'t skimpy either - at some restaurants when you order jumbo ravioli you get 3-4 pieces, but this was more than double the size. Good value for the money.I was more than tempted by the dessert board (tartufo, ice cream, tiramisu, Grand Marnier cheesecake or cr\xc3\xa8me caramel, Belgian chocolate mousse, apple crumble) but unfortunately dinner left me positively STUFFED. After seeing that Epicure is now open until 1 or 2am every night I know where I\'ll be heading for late night dessert!'