b"I never expected to say that I love a vet. I love everyone I interacted with thus far at Gateway! I have two dogs - one loves everyone (so this was easy for him) and the other is ... a little more hesitant. When I came in, the lobby seemed pretty busy (they were getting low on seating, but not out) and I took a number. I was seen less than 30 minutes later, and never felt like my wait was too long.When I was taken back, there are tables set up, where the vets and vet techs come talk with you and help your pet. You're not in a separate room (like my old vet). This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I think for one of my dogs it was better because while he got blood drawn and a vaccine, he was too distracted to care - there was (what looked like a) lab/pit mix across the room who may have at one point looked at him! How interesting! and that golden over there! What's that smell behind me?Everyone that works there is friendly, and they work quickly. Since they work rather quickly, don't expect to sit down and have a long conversation. They get to the point, and then send you on your way because there are twenty more dogs to be seen. I never felt rushed though.If you own pets, you know that they can be expensive. Even small expenses add up quickly. I ended up at Gateway because I priced out my annual vet trip at my old vet and cringed. A lot. I called around and checked out a few other places. I felt like Goldilocks. One vet was a little cheaper, but the staff seemed to hate their jobs and maybe me. Another vet was more expensive but seemed nice. Gateway? Gateway was just right. Gateway didn't offer me any discount, yet I felt like I got two for the price of one (I paid what I would have for just one dog at my old place). My dogs got their vaccines for the next year plus(heartworm and rabies), as well as kennel cough, and one of my dogs got microchipped. Previously I was told that the kennel cough vaccine is given every other year as a shot, and every other nasal - but Gateway had oral. That was so much easier on both of my dogs! One of my dogs is a pug, so the nasal was unpleasant for him and I (on the plus side, last year I got the vaccine as well - since he sprayed it all over me). Both of my dogs seemed well cared for while I was there, and got plenty of love. The microchipped dog seemed neutral (and wouldn't take any treats from the vet tech after she took him to get microchipped), but he pug LOVED it. I practically had to drag him out of there. Being so incredibly busy, you'd expect Gateway to be a circus, but it was run pretty smoothly. I hope I won't be back until next year, but I know that regardless they'll take excellent care of us."