b"Despite the drinks being an arm and a leg with the inside usually jam packed - if you're in without the huge line and go with the right people, Bar at Times Square can actually be a humorously fun time! Planning on tossing a few back? Grab a few before going in; Outside at a slot / table rum & coke - $1 (tip) / Inside bar rum & coke - $12 w/o tip.. I'm just sayin'.. I haven't been during happy hour, as it seems the place is bursting at the seems waiting for a Fire Marshall to be called. It might be best to go during that hour or so if you're trying to have more than one beverage at this place. Anyways, it's a dueling piano bar with two fella's who know all the bangin' hits from the 50's all the way up to today's Top 40. A patron can request a song (once one ends and / or hasn't been interrupted) and if someone in the crowd isn't pleased - he or she then has the opportunity to walk up to the the non-playing pianist, offer a cash tip of higher cash value than that placed prior and have the song changed on the spot.. keeping both the patrons and musicians on their toes. It's really an interactive environment - in the sense that the pianists continuously receive requests, talk to the crowd, with the crowd itself shootin' the breeze, minglin', singing and dancing if they know the jam being performed. If you can't see the performers, they have tv's lined up throughout the bar so you can catch a glimpse. I'm not the tallest human, so it's often I end up in somebody's armpit while they're singing their favorite track and I'm gasping for air. Kidding, I'm actually the guy who has YOU in the headlock; You'll be blissfully swept away by my beautiful renditions of Bohemian Rhapsody, I Want You To Want Me & my jam - One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer in an overtly joyous manner. *They also have that lady you see at all the shows.. she dances & looks like Dee from It's Always Sunny, tries to get you to boogey with her and you can't understand what she's saying, though, she sings every song on cue without a slur.  She's an interesting human who needs help, so you push her towards the random person next to you hoping they'll do something about it. Do some people observing and find em'! This is a place of action, sound and movement. You might get bumped or pulled to dance and sing. Good music and a giddy buzz is found at the Bar At Times Square; so be forewarned - most people here are on a good one and are trying to maintain that vibe! Don't get upset if someone just wants to sing with you btw - it's probably me!"