b"Well, it's doubtful that I'll ever get to eat at the French Laundry so was happy that we got to try out his more casual, Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.  We ate here on the day before New Year's Eve so that may have been why we easily got a reservation at prime dinner time.  Everything from start to finish was pretty much impeccable. Sourdough bread in the shape of leaves were brought out immediately with softened butter in a small ramekin.  One thing I hate is when warm bread is brought out with butter that is ice cold and hard to spread on the bread, so I really appreciated that the butter was the right temperature to easily spread.For a starter, we split the Terrine of foie gras which was delicious.  It has a thin layer of braised beef ground down to a coarse pate texture, then a thin layer of foie gras, then a layer of prune gelee.  Served with crostini and a small frisee salad.  The slightly slightly saltier beef and the creamy foie went so well together. The prune gelee added that touch of cool sweetness that made it all work together.  A dish I would definitely recommend.For our entrees, I got the Steak frites, and Mark H had the Leg of lamb (Gigot d'Agneau.)  Mine was hangar steak topped with caramelized onions served with a compound butter and a healthy portion of nicely crispy, thinly cut fries.  The steak was cooked to a perfect mid rare and was tender.  The onions and the compound butter did overpower the steak a bit, though.Mark H's dish on the other hand, was the better of the two.  The roasted leg of lamb was just so tender and flavorful,  the knife cut through the meat like butter.  The lamb was served with flageolet beans and braised escarole.  Our server asked him when he was ordering if he wanted any sides to go with it since it didn't come with a starch but the beans and escarole was enough for an entree portion.  Besides, I know he wanted to save room for dessert.For dessert, we split the Banana crepe gateau.  Layers of crepes with banana pastry cream between them, served with salted caramel and french vanilla gelato.   This was pretty amazing as well.  I've had some fantasic gateau de crepes in france and this one really reminded me of being there.  The banana flavor was a bit too subtle for me but that salted caramel was like heaven.  Such an incredible texture to it with that bright kick of salt, damn.  The french vanilla gelato was memorable as well.  Nice silky texture and oh so creamy.The next time I'm there,  we really have to try their breakfast."