b"I love Savoy. In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it. I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived. After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping. I was quite hungry so this was a great start. One note, though - beware the spicy bread! We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces. Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.Then there was the drinks. My dining companion ordered a blackberry Cosmo (made with ingredients like blackberry moonshine - quite a nice touch), and I ordered the Starburst. Both of these drinks were superb; the Cosmo was a first-rate drink and oddly enough, my Starburst did indeed remind me of Starburst candies - but was still muuuuch tastier!As for the food - just, YUM! My companion ordered tomato soup and a pear salad. The salad was flavorful (though pretty standard in terms of salad ingredients), and the tomato soup was simply amazing - in addition to its freshness and being the perfect thickness it came with grilled cheese sandwich squares instead of croutons. More restaurants need to do this with their tomato soup, it was just so good! As for me, I ordered the 2015 restaurant week special - hen with bacon mac and cheese and a side of kale - and this was simply divine. I have yet to find such tender, juicy and well seasoned chicken in the city, plus the mac and cheese wasn't overly cheesy and had the bacon flavor infused into it. The result was that it wasn't too rich and it went well with my chicken and kale. The entire meal was also served with a side of tomato gravy, which was basically a thicker version of the tomato soup I'd sampled and fallen in love with already. I couldn't have been happier with what I ordered.The clincher for our excellent meal was the fantastic service we received throughout the night. All in all we thought Savoy had amazing food, fantastic staff and a very chill but warm atmosphere. We would absolutely come back - hopefully my next meal here will involve sampling the amazing looking brunch menu!"