b'So here I am AGAIN.Why again do you ask? I just purchased a 2011 Chevrolet Malibu from this dealership, and I went here after work to pick up the green slip so I can register the car with the DMV. TIP: Customers who buy or lease vehicles here: DO NOT have to go to the DMV to register your vehicle. You simply use the dealerships control number on the green slip to enter in the DMV website and it will bring up the vehicle you bought. You can then transfer or request new plates (standard only plates) and the DMV will mail them to you. This is handy, because we ALL hate the DMV. Back to my review of AutoNation Buick GMC of West Sahara round 2. So I got the green slip and I was "just looking" at some of the Buicks on the lot. Buick has come along way in the last 10 years or so. This is NOT your grandfather\'s or grandmother\'s Buick anymore. I had a 2013 LEXUS ES 300h that got 39MPG highway and 40MPG city. It had quite a few bells and wistles. Anyway, I began by driving a V6 powered 2016 Buick Lacrosse and Devon and Denzell were my points of contact again. I really liked it. This one didn\'t have the same equipment that my Lexus does, so I didn\'t really want this particular car, as I didn\'t want to go down in car quality or caliber. Then I drove a 2014 Chevrolet Impala V6, and loaded with everything for that model year with 22k miles and they were asking 25k for it. I really liked this car. It wasn\'t a Lexus or a Buick, but it was cheaper than either one of those and it was fully loaded. But I was contemplating replacing my business car, which was my Lexus, and I already had a V6 powered Malibu that I bought for 16k with 32.5k miles two weeks earlier from this same dealership, and the same sales people (Devin and Denzell). It took me forever to decide even after driving a brand new 2015 Buick Lacrosse that had just about everything my Lexus did minus the front parking sensors and the dash cam, but I can replace the dash cam later (which I will at this dealership for both my Malibu and Lacrosse). I got a Heads Up display system with forward collision alert, I got a Bose audio system, a panoramic sun roof, remote starter system, and a wifi hotspot powered by onstar. These features my Lexus didn\'t have. I was given multiple options, and a lot of time to decide which vehicle I wanted out of the three, the Chevrolet Impala, or the 2015 V4 eAssist Buick or the 2016 V6 Buick. I ultimately chose the 2015 eAssist V4 Buick Lacrosse based upon what I was going to be doing with the car, showing Real Estate. I was offered an unbelieveable deal too. Because this vehicle was a 2015, and was sitting in the showroom, and the 2016\'s were already here and more were coming, this car was priced at 35k. Originally it was 41k which was understandable. If I bought my Lexus ES 300h brand new, it would have been 47k easy. I know cars, and how to shop for the ones I like or want. So I knew I was getting a deal on this new car. Also, I was given a 2k tax credit for my Lexus, and AutoNation gave me another $800.00 off on the car, because I am a repeat buyer, and I didn\'t waste anyone\'s time. Thank you David! So I still had 1k of negative equity to deal with, and that was done by lowering my interest rate from 4.9% with Lexus to 3.9% through AutoNation Buick GMC\'s contacts. Can you say Credit Unions anyone? If you want great financing go see the fine people at AutoNation Buick GMC, they WILL find you a good deal, if it takes all day. They don\'t just use traditional banks or manufacturer banks like most dealerships do, which all charge higher interest rates, trust me I\'ve been there. So in combination of lowering the interest rate again to 3.45%, and further dropping the price of the new 2015 Buick Lacrosse, I wrapped up my negative equity and came UP about 2k. This shows in the contract as down payment money which is true because I verified how the dealership got the numbers. So I got a brand new Buick Lacrosse, with an extended warranty, prepaid oil changes for 3 years on top of the 2 years given to you by GM (General Motors), theft protection and GAP insurance and my payments are $616.00 per month versus $647.00 a month with Lexus without the theft protection, or the prepaid maintance plans. Lexus doesn\'t offer standard oil changes for the first 2 years either. What\'s more, my Buicks engine, transmission, and final point of assembly are in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Just like my 2011 Chevrolet Malibu. The major components of these cars are made here. Just read the window sticker, it will tell you where the major components are made. We need jobs in this country badly. I don\'t need Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump to "bring back the jobs" to the United States. We can all do our part by giving GM, Ford or even Fiat Chrysler a chance. Personally, I am a GM man. I loved my Lexus, but I love my country, my Buick, and the sales team at AutoNation Buick GMC even more. They also hire the veterans! Thank you again everyone @ AutoNation!'