b"Warning: This review contains a lot of gushing and high praise. If this sort of unabashed adulation makes you uncomfortable, you might want to turn away now. You have been warned. I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER BRUNCH EXPERIENCE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  The White Brick Kitchen really knows what they're doing and I don't have even one solitary complaint (and, believe me, I'm very picky and thoroughly enjoy complaining when it's warranted - so I would if I could, but I honestly can't).  Allow me to regale you all with the delicious tale of my delightful brunch. My friend and I were fearful that we would have to wait for a table when we arrived at 10 am on a Sunday.  It was such a pleasant surprise when we were seated immediately and quickly presented with both coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very welcoming, laid-back and cozy.  I already felt very content as I sipped my OJ, little did I know that I was about to be sky rocketed from content to off-the-charts-euphoric.  It seemed as though we had only just placed our orders for the Scotch-ish Eggs when they were set before us, as if by magic. The service was so fast that it verged on ridiculous, but the quality of the food did not suffer in the least.  On paper, the Scotch-ish Eggs sound super tasty (two panko fried soft boiled eggs, hollandaise, greens, buttered baguette and potatoes), but nothing can fully prepare you for how transcendent this dish truly is.  I am awestruck by how perfectly cooked the soft-boiled eggs were in spite of the fact that they were breaded in panko and deep fried.  I have no idea how they still manage to maintain the optimal runny yolk consistency while creating such a crispy coating on the outside of the egg; it's nothing short of incredible.  Every component of the meal was outstanding - from the dressing with a subtle hint of Parmesan on the salad to the golden brown potatoes.  I can't say enough good things about this dish, you really have to try it!I'm excited to return to The White Brick Kitchen soon to try their other dishes (if they're anything like the Scotch-ish Eggs, I am definitely in for a treat).  I loved that even though they're offering high-quality food, the prices are very reasonable.  Great spot, great staff and sublime food. You really cannot ask for more!"