b"Fav HK diner for dinner in my books. Usually I brace myself for disappointment at HK diners because they're not known for their service or their quality of food, but this one made me question if I was dreaming. Service was very fast and staff are friendly. They close at 10 and we were staying because the show on their tv ends at 10. We hurried to get our bill but they were like, that's ok the show isn't over, feel free to stay. Like how nice is that! Dishes came promptly too, meaning that the dishes were hot when they arrived. Yay! Decor is... Well, let's just say this isn't a place you'd want to set a candle lit dinner. But I mean it's a HK diner so what were y'all expecting? OKAY SO THE FOOD. Cheap, and big portions! I love that they have enough toppings for my udon. Actually, they gave a lot and I'm so glad. Their fish in cream sauce on rice was great and very cheesy. My fav! Also, their pork and chicken chop with garlic sauce on rice qas great too. The sauce wasn't too strong. It was aromatic and delicious. But lemme tell you about the satay chicken udon I had. Oh my goodness. So many toppings and they had strips of green and red pepper to help complicate the taste. The noodles weren't oily. You could actually taste the gusto the chef put in when he was cooking this delectable dish in his wok. Oh my gosh. Definite 5/5.And then! We had free dessert! It was my fav. I have to say, this is a very unique recipe of coconut sago and I love it. This coconut sago has taro chunks and egg. The egg was the truly unique bit because it actually made the dessert feel smoother and it made the whole thing more aromatic. Usually I despise taro with every fibre of my being but not today! My mom even said this may be the only time I did not puke at taro. My dinner was $9.50, came with a hot drink (I chose lemon water), a soup (I chose cream of veg but they also have Chinese soup), and if you're lucky, a dessert. What a deal, especially with the amount of food i got! If you're a skeptic of HK diners like I am, please come to this place for dinner. It will change your mind. I will definitely come back. I mean this isn't my first time here, lol."