b"Tower City Center50 Public SquareCleveland, OH 44113If you ever find yourself in Cleveland, you cant go without visiting the Tower City Center. This Historic land mark used to be know as the Cleveland Union Terminal and signs of its history are everywhere. This unique center is connected to two hotels (Ritz Carlton & Renaissance) a huge casino (Horseshoe), an 11-screen movie theater, 100 shops, 6 restaurants, and  Cleveland's mass transit system. (RTA). They also have connected walkways to Progressive Field, and Quicken Loans Arena.The Skylight Concourse is definitely something to see; this four story (+) tall atrium overlooks the Cuyahoga river hosting a food court and cinema. Here you can grab some stir-fried veggies at Sakkio Japan, Bourbon Chicken at Kelly's Cajun Grill, or just a warm pretzel from Auntie Anne's while enjoying the scenery of  downtown Cleveland and Ohio City.The holidays at Cleveland City Center is truly a sight to see. In December they have a 40ft tall Christmas tree with larger than life hanging mechanical ornaments, Gingerbread village, and the best thing ever, the Twigbee Shop! Here you can bring kids under 12 with their shopping list for parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and uncles and a volunteer helps the little ones buy gifts under $10 that are pre-wrapped. Besides all the cool shops, you can truly just get lost in this place and enjoy the sights and sounds. Eat, drink, shop, eat, drink, shop... How can you go wrong with that. If all else fails, go blow your shopping money at the casino.One of my favorite amenities at City Center is the subway. Cleveland's RTA rumbles below the center giving you the feel a bustling metropolis. Here you can jump the sub and go pretty much anywhere you want in the city, and the mall resembles an oldtyme train station. Just the architecture alone draws me in, I can spend an entire day meandering the halls, people watching, sipping coffee and munching on some delicious treats.Tower City Center is a safe, clean, and fun place to take the kids, watch a movie, or blow your paycheck, just remember to get your parking ticket validated."