b"I was starving and sick from a bad sinus infection... My cravings were something fried, but also wanted some spicy soup to balance the two out. My thoughts were Tang Soo Yook and Jjampong!!! We walked in a few minutes before closing and asked the server if she was still serving... she went back to the kitchen to see if the light was still on. If the light is on, that means the Chef can still cook for us and luckily it was!!!I enjoyed their Tang Soo Yook, which is a deep fried pork that comes with a tangy jelly-like sauce.. similar to sweet and sour that they give you on the side to pour over. This came out steamy, hot!!! Tasted fresh and love the tempura/cornstarch batter that makes this deep fried pork so delightful to eat. The oil that was used seem new and made this dish taste light and perfectly crisp. Each bite was pipin' hot and delicious. The sauce that completes this dish consists of sliced cucumber, carrot, napa cabbage, wood ear mushrooms, and onion. I would say, without this sauce.. it would be very plain jane and definitely wouldn't be as good. Love!My minus one star was the Jjampong. Although it had chunks of seafood, it lacked flavor tremendously. It was like putting chunks of cayenne pepper in water and heating it up. The spices didn't really do it for me and I felt like there were some missing ingredients that could have done wonders for this soup. That was the only thing that wasn't so great, but I did enjoy the texture of the noodles in this soup very much. Their side dishes is very limited to only daikon and kimchi. But their kimchi is very notable... my Father loves the kimchi here and so do I. Small bite size square cut shaped, lightly seasoned, crisp, with a solid homemade taste. If they sold this by the jar, I would definitely buy a few :) Delicious.This restaurant is also very known for their Jjajangmyun. A thick black soybean paste sauce with diced meat (pork) and vegetables (mainly diced onion). Normally, if you ask for Jjajangmyun, the sauce is already pre-made, but you can ask the server to cook the sauce fresh, which is called Gan Jjajang myun. If you like your vegetables cooked well, then order Jjajangmyun. If you like your vegetables semi-raw, then you will enjoy Gan Jjajang myun. I enjoy mine cooked well and so does my Mother. My Father, on the other hand orders the semi-raw. I don't think anybody knows that they can order it this way, so just sharing how my Family and I order our food choices here.The location is somewhat hidden.. it's tucked in a corner nearby 168 market.. in between the Furniture Store and Nelson Barber Shop. Even the name of this restaurant is written in Chinese Characters, so don't look for Shan Dong!! Good service, great meal, and satisfies my cravings for Korean-Chinese cuisine."