b"We partook of Chima this past Sunday at the end of restaurant week. Our first reservation choice wasn't Sunday but it was the only time we could get in. This was my first visit to Chima and my boyfriend's second visit. We arrived right at 7:30 and waited about 10 minutes before our table was ready. The restaurant was pretty easy to find and valet parking was complimentary.  We ate upstairs which I understand is less crowded than the downstairs dining area.The restaurant was right downtown Charlotte and the decor was modern, sleek and warm. First portion of the three-course meal was the salad bar, which in my opinion is enough for a meal. I don't know if they offer that alone but it might be a good idea if they ever decide to open for lunch. It also might be appealing to those of us who can't justify spending fifty bucks there outside of restaurant week since the meal is just way too much for the average person to eat in my opinion.The salad bar was very decadent and consisted of beef carpaccio, caprese salad, shrimp salad, a nice variety of greens, melon, soy beans, chicken salad, waldorf salad and few others items. There was also a wide variety of dressings, sauces for your meats, a couple different types of rice, three or four different soups, and bread with butter. After visiting the salad bar you sit down and the men come by with a variety of meats. My favorite was by far the top sirloin; second favorite was the parmesan pork tenderloin. It was pretty salty but still good. I also had the filet mignon wrapped with bacon but it was pretty fatty for a filet. I also enjoyed the flank steak and chicken. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ribs. I also had the swordfish, which I found to be a bit dry, and the lamb, which was too gamy for my liking. While we were being served the meats we had other side items being served to us. I forgot to mention the appetizer, which were doughy Parmesan rolls with a turkey dip, very good. The side items were fried bananas and some fried potato sticks, which tasted like hash browns. I personally didn't care for the fried bananas but I don't like bananas much anyway.Believe it or not we ordered dessert. It didn't come with the meal but I wanted a little something sweet. So we ordered the cr\xc3\xa8me brulee. It stole the show. We finished that off in about five minutes. Maybe the best cr\xc3\xa8me brulee I have ever had. Service was very good and I was pleased. I enjoyed the experience but I wouldn't go back for myself. It's just way too much food and I would rather savor one entree instead of be constantly paraded with more food while I am trying to eat what I have. I would love to go back just for the salad bar and dessert though. They had a lot of other choices for dessert as well. They don't give boxes for your leftovers either so eat up!"