b'If you\'re looking to dine Vegas style, Joel Robuchon is the place to be.We came here with 10 friends on the night before New Years Eve. While it\'s not the most adventurous meal of my life, it did delight me with all my favorites -- a black truffle trio, osetra caviar, foie gras, duck, Santa Barbara uni, etc... and an incredibly beautiful 3 course dessert.  It is culinary perfection in the most romantic setting. What more could you ask for? More Caviar? Well, you probably won\'t because their caviar portions are the most generous I\'ve seen! Bonus points for them there. I could describe the food, but if you\'re a foodie like me, you already know the drill -- The food is good so I will not describe every dish. You get everything that is absolutely delicious, cooked to perfection, and plated beautifully.  And the ambiance, while some may say is gaudy, is very thoughtful and there is much to appreciate about it. The walled garden in one room, a beautiful welcoming bar in another, etc.... there is much to appreciate about this place and Joel Robuchon\'s attention to detail.However, a few things that needed improvement or felt a little strange: 1) One of the things I found tacky was the $15 water charge.  If you\'re charging over $800/person for the meal plus pairing, water charges should just be waived or just tacked onto the food charge. I see this as a terrible faux pas, especially for a three michelin star restaurant.2) Someone was getting on-the-job training at our table. This would be OK but out of the three times I got up to use the restroom, I only found my napkin folded twice.3) Joel Robuchon has a fantastic limo service where they pick you up in a limo to the restaurant... but it was not available during "the holidays" much to our large party\'s dismay. It would\'ve been nice to know this when we booked our table.4) The soft-boiled egg seemed more like a hard-boiled egg to me. It was cooked on a higher-temperature side of things.5) The wait staff is not in sync (all plates put down at the same time, etc...) like they usually are at this level of dining.The menu was about $600/person, and my boyfriend and I split the most basic wine pairing for $250. At that price point, it better be perfect. And it was. But perfection comes with a downside -- it\'s that I think Joel Robuchon played it very safe. If you\'re a hardcore foodie, I think you may find the menu slightly on the \'safe\' side (and in that case try \xc3\xa9 by Jos\xc3\xa9 Andr\xc3\xa9s).  But if you\'re here for the Vegas experience and want to try a solid 3-star menu with a fantastic ambiance, this is the place to go. Highly recommend. Definitely more of a 4.5 stars from me.'