b"MTO Cafe: Made To Order.This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli.I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.  I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.  Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there."