b'As the previous person posted, what more can really be said about this restaurant. I just came back from Vegas this morning and a truly truly horrible experience.  I only went out there for a concert and the concert and this restaurant were the best parts of my trip.  I went in here accidentally, meaning, i had no clue it was Bobby Flay\'s restaurant. I was hungry and Caesars Palace was a across from where I was staying and all the restaurants in my hotel were packed and had lines, I walked right in with no waiting. (I will assume now that since its Bobby\'s place this place can get crowded so I feel the need to note this was a Sunday about 11:45am) Once inside Caesars Palace, I went to the first restaurant I saw, which was this one.  I realized mid-meal it was his restaurant when the waiter at the table next to me was explaining to the recently seated couple that "Mr Flay likes a little spice so beware all of our dishes have a little kick" (they were an older couple). I know i\'m slow after he said that, that\'s when i realized why they had his cookbooks in the front. :)  (but like i said had a horrible trip so i wasn\'t even looking for things like this) anyway onto the food.FOOD: fantastic.  I went on sunday and i got the eggs and aged striploin tortilla (fancy name for steak and eggs) and  it was yummy.  It came with all this spices of sorts (well they werent spices). I am not really sure how to describe it, more like the consistency of salsa\'s but they werent salsa\'s, at any rate it was really good mix with the eggs.  I had a side of home fries which were a little burnt but oh well.  The steak was very good, very flavored, moist and tender. Overall very good. Had a cappuccino too, also very good. I wish i had tried the crabcake\'s but i knew i wasnt going to eat all that. waiters were awesome, just the right amount of attentiveness. (I personally hate when waiters/waitresses, come back every 5 minutes, is everything ok is everything ok...sheesh can i enjoy my meal?) Anyway like i said, i had a horrible experience in vegas and this and the concert i went to see were the best parts about my trip, very glad i blessed up on this place.P.S.  Take notice, i have never eaten in a celebrity chef\'s restaurant and noticed that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any table.  ha just a fun tidbit, i thought that was funny and very interesting, almost as if the chef is subtly saying "you will not mess up my dish with your spices"'