b'After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff. Only friends and family were invited. We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning. Perhaps.Either way, free lunch.It\'s not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered. Not for the weak at heart.It\'s not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini. Delish! It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test. Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose.I could have taken a little more spice, so next time I might ask them to kick it up a notch, but it was a refreshing foray back to my traveling days when I tried to convince a chef in India that, no, I am actually not white. I just have REALLY light skin. Never worked.Al had the Aztec pizzeti. Coming from NY, I am particular about pizza. This looked like it fit the bill. Very think and crispy crust. A little too much cheese for my taste, but most people out here like it like that. She loved it, along with her bowl of loaded potato soup.Mickey had the Gobbler with a side salad. When she bit into the panini she made a face that I think should remain in the bedroom. Enough said.Bryan had the salad and enjoyed it immensely. It didn\'t look like much, but I might have to return when they open tomorrow and try it out for myself. The croutons did look very appetizing.One of the attentive staff members made the rounds with a tray of mini chocolate chip cookies. Fantastic. Crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. Mama like.All in all, I\'ll be back. Probably tomorrow. And maybe the day after...AMENDMENT:OK, so I did go back the next day... and today (which is the following day). Yesterday I had the tuna salad, which was delish. Theur tuna is a little kicked up, as it\'s made with chipotle mayo (but really not too much) and spoicy pickle relish. Tasty. It was served over a bed of greens with a lemon olive oil dressing.Today I had the med sub. It was ok- nothing out of the ballpark. I got it with the spoinach salad, which was also delish. Down to 4.5, but alas no halfs...Stick with the paninis and the salads. Maybe the soups too. I have yet to try the pizzetti... stay tuned.'