b"Politics aside, the Trump Hotel was a very good experience. We were in town for an event at the Convention Center. Pros:Friendliness of the staff! From check in to check out, they were unbelievably accommodating and friendly. Amenities in the room. Full kitchen (which is the reason we booked there to begin with. A lot of places in Vegas do not have a kitchen). It had a sink, fridge, toaster, stove top, tea kettle, microwave, Keurig coffee maker, and cabinets. As a nice touch, they had Rio Blend coffee in the room. Maybe because of the 2016 Olympics coming up? Also had paper coffee cups, sweeteners, creamer cups, and stirring sticks. Due to county regulations, they are not allowed to keep plates, silverware, etc in the room but will bring them to your room if needed. They also included an iron, ironing board, blow dryer, light up mirror, bathrobe, and plenty of fluffy towels. The bathroom has a TV inside the mirror. Didn't use it but interesting touch. Spa tub and separate shower. Marble counters and floors. Water heated up VERY quickly. The pillows!!! Oh the pillows! I have to find the Downrite brand online or in Macy's or something because they were divine. Beds were comfy too. Our room even had a DOORBELL on it instead of the bellboy knocking, he rang a door bell! LOLThe AC was amazing and cooled the room quickly and kept it cool. Very quiet. We never once heard any other guests. All the appliances in the room were quiet as well. The elevators. Fast. Ya know how some hotels you stand there forever waiting on the elevator? Not here. I timed it. It took 13 seconds to get from the 39th floor to the lobby. Unreal. The ice machines are in their own little rooms in the hallways so you don't have to listen to someone getting ice in the middle of the night. It is right across from a huge mall. Lots of shops and a large food court. Cons:The train. Yes, you read that correctly. There was a train that ran behind the hotel where our room was facing that ran every couple of hours throughout the night and woke us up each time. As it came up to an intersection, it would blow its horn over and over. But this is where the nice staff came in handy. They were more than willing and helpful to move us to a room facing The Strip in exchange for a small extra fee because it was a room facing The Strip. We could still hear the train in the distance but not enough to wake us up. We only heard it before heading to bed. Valet. Yes, I know that valet was supposed to be bougie and helpful, however, we found it bothersome. It's just easier to have access to our car when needed. On the other hand there was a relatively short wait time so it wasn't too bad. However, that depends on your timing. Some times of the day were very busy. Internet. It was a bit slow. So if you are someone there on business who needs fast internet for work, this may become an issue. Sleeper sofa. We pulled out the sleep sofa that our original room included. For a 5 star place, there should be a nicer one. It was just your run of the mill, feel every spring, mattress. No casino. For me personally, this was not a problem but if you going to Vegas to gamble, this may be an issue for you. Not on The Strip. The only reason this is a issue is because of the heat. If you want to go out and walk The Strip, you also have to add to that walk because you have to get from the hotel to Las Vegas Blvd. It's not too far but the heat is what does it. I may not agree on his politics but his hotel was top notch. Would recommend."