b"I had dish network for years and happy with them.  Till I need Internet service, I switched to Earth Link that was supplied by Road Runners eventually Time Warner's Cable.  Thanks for clarify that is not same as Time Warners Bro.I need to calm myself down every time to call Time Warner Cable's service especially talking about their price and billin.  The worst I've come across in the country. I live in east and west coast.  I suffered  many times before I say it.  Besides, it takes us time to write this.TWC, or Road Runners ( they were the same ) was the supplier of cable internet for Earth Link (I was told later) when I called for connection problem.  TWC convinced me to change  from Earth Link to TWC.  I refused the first year for TWC's bad  business integrity.  Few years later, I had no choice as the price went up again.  So I switched to TWC. The second year, it went up that understood, after promotion.  To save trouble of payment, I set up auto- pay, this year it went up again.  I called to understand the reason.  Their customer service was so rude with a prima donna attitude.  She even insulted me over the phone as I didn't want all the services. Since I stayed for a week of less each month, it's unjustified for me to pay close to $100.  I simply kept my expenses but the service reduced to 1/10 of the speed that I had.  I'm looking for another provider if there is. For all these years, I've seen more adverse comments than favorable comments to TWC.  Most business respect prestige customers or those stay with them for years. But not TWC.  They believe customers can't live without them in Charlotte.  That's why I've seen salesmen knocking at our doors every season like the 50s to look for new customers.I'm sure if TWC's upper management can make a change to their customer services or change their prima donna attitude, I'm sure they will not loss customers.Anyway, sorry for my long comments.  I still like Dish Network, perhaps, I will go back to put my dish up."