b'so. good. i ordered the fish "banh mi" and... it was so freakin\' good. whilst i do wish it was in a more traditional banh mi style bread (baguette vs round bun), it had the perfect amount of heat and i totally dug the interpretation. and the kale salad? o.m.gooooooodness. i know the mac and cheese is good and all... but you HAVE to get the kale salad. it is green perfection. and so good for your eyes!the husband had the burger which was.... uhm, possibly the best burger i\'ve had in arizona??? yeah. it was like that. juicy and perfectly cooked. with a side of church potatoes - what what???? that was like the ultimate comfort food meal right there. ULTIMATE. it was delectable. bro got the porkwich... that much pig on a piece of bread honestly scares me... but it really truly worked. and i understood why people are fanatical about it. his side of mac and cheese? now THAT, my friends is a good m&c. it was cheeeeeeeeesy up the heezy, and no weird liquidy sauce, the pasta shape didn\'t put me off. i wanted to swim in that mac and cheese. ok, maybe not because that was a hottttt little dish, but... i really really really really loved it. and wanted to steal it and eat it all. now that i\'m revisiting that experience, i dunno how i feel about that kale salad. i\'m torn. i choose both.my dad had the reuben, which to me is a man-which. it was decent, just not my flava. my mom had either the brown bag chicken or the grilled chicken. i don\'t remember because my bro\'s gf had the other one. they were both good and i am not a big chicken sandwich fan. perhaps not phenomenal, but i would venture to say i might at some point be persuaded to order a chicken sandwich from here. we had the deviled egg dip... the chips were good, but the dip was kinda forgettable. service was amazing, the ambiance and decor... impeccable. there are a lot of new pretentious phx area eateries that are similar to this one... all in all, windsor is at the top.valet is free... or you can park on the street a little further past the restaurant.'