b"I've been waiting a long time to try this restaurant. Just hearing about it from friends and reading reviews on Yelp made it that much more exciting. It's a very nice place, nice drive up entry and lobby, nice interior decor. It puts you in the mood for a nice relaxing dinner. Our server this night was Keith and he was very knowledgeable, prompt and patient. He explained everything from how the meal would be served, from the salad to the actual carving of the prime rib. You don't have to be concerned if you aren't sure what the various cuts of meat are. He said that when the chef comes table side he will show you the actual sizes. Okay. First off, you get your drink orders filled, then you start off with your salad when you are ready. The salad is prepared table side on a cart with a large bowl in a bed of ice. The server proceeds to spin the bowl and tosses the dressing into it. They have a house seasoned pepper to put on your salad which is made by Lawry's. Very good and refreshing.Next comes the main course... The prime rib! Yours truly opted for the Diamond Jim Brady cut, medium rare which has the bone in. It' s actually not that big of a serving when you consider that the bone is in. I think it was a 16oz cut. It was done perfect and I had it with the creamed spinach. Mashed potatoes come with it and the au jus is laddled onto your prime rib. Oh, and don't forget the Yorkshire pudding!  Also, my dining companion and I decided on a sizzling plate of mushrooms which were saut\xc3\xa9ed in butter and garlic. As for dessert, well, that was far from my mind at the time! It was a very delicious and satisfying meal. If you decide on coming here for dinner, I suggest you have just a light lunch that day, I did and I'm glad I prepared myself for dinner! I really enjoyed my dining experience here and what made it even better was the excellent service provided by the employees here. From the front reception area to the servers, valet, they are very friendly and cordial. Give them a try when you're in Vegas."