b'Ambiance/decor-3Service-5Food-5Strikeouts-0/3This place has been out for a while. The place is designed to look modern, but the place is overall dim, so you can\'t really notice anything negative or positive. Overall look is average.Service here was impeccable. Even with a full house and people constantly coming in and out of the restaurant, I felt my table had 2-3 dedicated waiters at our beck and call. However, not everyone there speaks chinese though. Regardless, our plates were changed, soups were served into bowls, teas refilled, and fast paced service. The food just kept non-stop. Definitely top notch service for a chinese cuisine place, and a chain at that. My table ordered the 8 person combo, at $238 with green onion rolled pancake with sliced pork, 2 extra orders of Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Ground Pork, and Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Dried Scallops, Pork & Luffa. The combo included, 5 variety cold dish, fish maw soup, peking duck with lettuce wrap upgrade, broccoli and eggs, leg of a pig, seafood veggie mix, steamed fish, mushroom greens, and lobster e-fu noodles.Let\'s start off with the extra sides. The steamed dumplings are definitely good. Not as good as Xiao Long Bao that opened up just down on huntingwood, but still better than most places. The green onion pancake with sliced pork is definitely top notch. I find most places skimp on the green onion, the sauce, or/either the amount of pork. This place got it just right!! I was honestly expecting subpar food since this place was a chain, but a lot of the items were above expectations. The ones that shone the most were definitely the 5 variety cold dish taking first, broccoli and eggs taking second, and peking duck takes the third.The cold dish honestly surprised me, it is usually too cold, making it lack flavour or too hard/chewy to have good texture. This one was bursting with flavour, moist and appetizing. The eggs within the broccoli is usually tame, but this one made my eyes go O_O, "what is this?" I typically don\'t care for this dish, but this was unique. It was strong, but not too salty and it didn\'t require any vinegar at all. Peking duck taste third, since there was ample meat in each slice, and the mix with the lettuce was crispy and refreshing!All pictures attached, and definitely recommend people come try, as this chain restaurant is better than some traditionally opened chinese restaurants!'