b'It\'s true, Charlotte is home to some real "famous Chicken \'n Biscuits," but I think the award is currently contested. Damn Holler & Dash, I tell you what, there\'s some magic going on behind that counter. I guess I should elaborate!Around here is where I\'d typically insert the obvious hollaback one liner. I\'ll yield to the other reviews, you beat me to it! When you walk in, the warm, natural interior design makes you feel very welcome. Good use of several elements such as stone, timber, and an exposed ceiling give the whole dining area a spacious atmosphere. When I visited Saturday morning it was very clean and ready for a big rush.Speaking of rush, if you want a calm visit then make sure you stop by as early as possible (they open at 7am every morning). The place fills up very fast. Fortunately they have a TON of staff on hand to handle to the heavy hours.My first visit I tried one of the signature biscuits: Chicken Set Go! There was a bit of a sticker shock on the price at $9, however once you get it, you\'ll see that this is no ordinary biscuit. First of all, it\'s HUGE. I mean the top half of the biscuit is larger than the whole of what you\'d get at most places. This particular creation had moist, seasoned fried chicken topped with pimento cheese, pickled jalapeno, sorghum, and served with a side.It\'s a winner! Wow, that chicken tho. The chicken was moist, and had the right concoction of spices. Perfectly breaded and fried right on the money. Just the right amount of crunch for a best-case biscuit. Pimento cheese provided a delicious creaminess and the pickled jalapenos the right amount of sour astringency to redline all of my tastebuds. Who knew a biscuit could be this complex, yet all come together to make the breakfast of your dreams? What I thought was overpriced at first all the sudden had a ton of value in size, taste, and presentation.The cheese grits were very good. A lot of "Southern Breakfast" places around here give you a bowl of grits that look almost watered down, for me the thicker the better and here they do it right. Very well seasoned too, which is not always a gimme when it comes to grits. The kitchen staff has really proven themselves with my breakfast.The only problem for the rest of my day was that I was ready to take a nap about 20 minutes after eating this! Southern comfort meets upscale living, granny got nothing on this.'