b"Are you looking for an organic, unique, and historical restaurant? Than Joes Farm Grill is the place for you. Even if you have simple tastes Joes Farm Grill will have something to suit your needs.  It has beautiful decoration, great food and affordable prices, so why not pay a visit. Joes Farm Grill has a long historical background, with a house originally built in 1966 by the Johnston family. In later years it was decided to turn the farm into a restaurant with its food being home grown or locally brought in. The house development around the farm is Agritopia, and was dedicated to permanent urban farming. In fact if you live in the development surrounding the restaurant you can rent a garden lot to grow vegetables.  All of their products are certified USDA organic, and their focus is common food done uncommonly. They feel fresh food taste better and are better for you so why not share all that with the customers. They take the foods taste to a new level with all of the recipes and ingredients. Joes Farm Grill is delicious, unique and a fun experience. I feel most restaurants are chains and don't have the history behind them like Joes does, and because of this it makes the experience much more special. Knowing your food is organic makes it taste ten times better, and knowing you don't have to spend a fortune for organic makes me want to go again. It's really stands out among most and everyone in the chandler area needs to stop by and visit.  First walking up to the twelve acre masterpiece is like going through a farm, with orange trees covering the path and large oaks surrounding it which gives a beautiful green glow of a garden.  It smells fresh and gives you an earthy vive. They are enormous and full of green vegetables that look extremely appetizing. They are covering most of the land and you can walk through them and see your food growing.  The building is white with large windows showing the back and the front equally, and the inside has simple decorations with light blue and green accents not to overpower the beauty of the vegetation growing outside. It holds no more than a hundred people and is rather spacious seating. The entire restaurant is very simple with a 60s feel mixed with a futuristic time. I ordered the jumbo breaded shrimp with fries, French toast banana peanut butter sandwich and the barbeque chicken pizza. I went with my sister because the portions are rather large and I could not have eaten it by myself. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and my sisters second. Everything so far was very pleasant and the employees were very nice. No more than ten minutes later our food was ready and it looked and smelt great. We sat down and I tried each dish, starting with the shrimp which were very large. The shrimp was crunchy and juicy and was simple and not overpowering. I thought it tasted very good and wasn't too rich which is a problem I normally find when ordering shrimp. Then I tried the French toast peanut butter sandwiches that surprisingly had strawberry's in it too. This was one of the best tasting things I have ever had! It was a house specialty and lives up to its name. It tasted like a gourmet peanut butter sandwich and was so flavorful and sweet. I had to order another one. Then I tried the barbeque pizza, I liked it but it wasn't my favorite. It was thin crust and slightly burnt, but it did taste good with the cheese and chicken combination. It just tasted like there was too many ingredients on the pizza that overpowered it. The prices weren't that bad either, the shrimp was the most expensive at 14.99 when I go again I probably won't order this again, just because it wasn't a to die for dish.  The peanut butter sandwiches were 10.99 and I crave these every day it was amazing! Than last the pizza was 12.99, my sister liked it more than I did so it depends on your taste but I probably will try something else. The most important part though is the food, and not to leave you hanging was no matter what spectacular. Fresh fries galore. The most appealing part to me was the decorations and the gardens surrounding the place. I think the set up as if you're in a food court is a really interesting concept; you have to throw away your own food on trays, and clean up after yourself. I didn't expect that and I think it's a smart move on the restaurants part.  The calm and relaxing atmosphere, and no rush pace is really nice. I enjoyed Joes Farm Grill and I plan on visiting again. I think the organic concept and urban farming is a really nice thing to hear about in today's society. I feel better knowing I'm eating organic, and knowing there are still places that are going strong with the idea of organic. I hope the success of this restaurant shows others they can do the same. This restaurant meets all my needs as a customer, clean, green and tasty what more could you want."