b'Immediately upon walking in, you\'ll be mesmerized by the beautiful decor and massive wrap-around aquarium. Every time I dine here, I get seated right next to the aquarium so that we can enjoy the beautiful scenery. I\'ve been here for lunch a couple times and also late night munchies, service is always quick and on point. The food and drinks are consistently good as well. We always leave here full and satisfied. And sometimes sorta kinda drunk. Thanks Vegas. SHORTS RIBS ($19):http://bit.ly/2i0RwX7This is by far the best braised short ribs I\'ve had to date. This massive piece of boneless short rib was so juicy and fork tender. The rich velverty cabernet demi-glace was also quite delicious. The garlicky yukon gold mashed potatoes was velvety and smooth that I finished the whole thing (and I\'m not a mashed potato fan at all, so that says a lot). Tis dish is a must-order. SEAFOOD SALAD TRIO ($20):This was my half-ass lazy attempt at trying to be healthy while pigging out in Vegas....it had the word "salad" in it, so it counts. Yep...that\'s a fried tortilla on the side, lol! http://bit.ly/2hEyOUc- The "shrimp napoleon" was basically 2 cocktail-styled jumbo shrimps butterflied and laid criss-cross over each other. Perfectly cooked shrimp, nothing fancy. - 2 slices of pepper seared tuna- A spoonful of jumbo lump crab meatThe rest of the plate consisted of a couple pieces each of tomatoes, hearts of palm, prosciutto crisps and a scoop of avocado-kimchee slaw with ranch dressing. The bf and I split this deconstructed salad as an appetizer. It didn\'t look or sound like a lot of seafood, but it was definitely filling and something I wouldn\'t mind ordering again. FISH TACOS (2 tacos for $12.50): Fish of the day was mahi mahi. The bf fully enjoyed his plate of tacos. The cajun-spiced mahi was juicy and tender. The jack cheese, fresh cabbage, pico de gallo and ranch dressing was the perfect accompaniment to this filling plate of food. Our server that day was a hella fun guy name Randy. He was so bubbly and friendly, love him! He was so engaging and even offered suggestions of which museums to check out because it was my bf\'s first time in Vegas.Hopefully we get to see him again the time we visit because we\'ll definitely be back!'