Oh happy day, finally have a Canes near my casa. Yes just as others are griping about the Drive thru is packed just like most of the other canes in the area but I like to go sit down to enjoy my chicken. The cashiers are pleasant and as far as food wise i have yet to receive any funky chicken. The clean up crew zips around the dining area constantly so it's usually well kept. My only gripe is the one fella with Red hair he makes the rounds while cleaning but no smile or personality a few nights ago he tossed the napkins i just put on the table to help go with my meal. After I was done he just reached for my tray no "excuse me or are you done with that?"  I realize he's trying to do his job quickly but a little table manners goes along way. That being said still like to grub here and glad that there's finally a Cane's close to me.
I have been here twice. Very nice and laid back. I tried the weekend Southern menu and it was delicious! Collard greens, mac&cheese, ribs, BBQ chicken sandwich. The scone with clotted cream was divine!!!! The iced teas are very refreshing and I swear I drank a whole container myself both visits. The second time I had soup, salad and a sandwich. The salad had this amazing (raspberry? strawberry?, I forgot) vinaigrette. The sandwich was good, but I was kind of disappointed with the soup. It was potato and tasted too "milky". They change the menu often and now have a tea inspired one. Can't wait to go back and try it.The owners are very nice and I hope they continue to do well.
ORDER In (Delivery) ReviewI discovered this place from the front desk of the airport hotel and they recommended it highly. I called to place my order for Delivery to my room. They were very accommodating.Won Ton Soup - nice broth and tender won tons.Chicken with Diced vegetables and Cashews - again, fresh vegetables were used, and good sized pieces of chicken.Crispy Beef - much like a Ginger Beef, nice serving of Beef with a sweet chilli sauce. Very tasty.Broccoli in Garlic sauce - came with peppers,Onions , Broccoli was not over done.All in all for Delivery , this was really good. I am used to going to Authentic Asian in Vancouver. This hit the spot, and they also sent me a nice tub of Chilli Oil because I like it Hot.
A close friend was in town and so instead of taking him to a more well established joint, we decided to try the newly opened Choolah. We were not disappointed.I am a bit of an amateur chef myself and consider my palate to be fairly sophisticated when it comes to all kinds of South Asian cuisine. This is not authentic Indian food - we don't have rice and salad bowls - but it is good, wholesome, high quality Indian food.I ordered a bowl of rice, yellow daal and the koftas (meatballs). The daal was perfect, the way daal should be cooked. The koftas were a little bland for my taste, but otherwise not bad...soft and the right texture. Paired with the many sauces and onions and the whole dish was wholesome and rich and very filling. My friend ordered the biryani, which, while not bad, still isn't the way real biryani should be, and I come from a city known for its biryani - but then I still haven't found a single place in America that makes biryani the way they do it back home.The ambiance is good and there's plenty of room to sit. The line moves quickly and at most you'll face a 10-15 min wait on a crowded day. The only issue I had was with the music - being a designer, it bothers me that the music selection to go with such great interiors  could have been better...I would expect Bollywood classics or Indian classical fusion instead of the usual loud pop music.Tldr: if you're looking for authentically prepared and presented Indian food you'll be disappointed. If you're looking for high quality Indian-American food, this is a great place to get it. Will be coming back to try their tikka masala and chicken next.Update: went there again with a bunch of friends and tried their chicken tikka masala and pav bhaji. This is hands down the best Indian place in Pittsburgh - the bhaji is to die for. Make sure you sprinkle lemon on top and have the pav with mango chutney.
Coconut's Fish Cafe is a fantastic, Five Stars fish cafe.The five of us drove here on our lunch hour and lucky us, there were only a few customers in line. Nice!  A good sign, when UR working against a clock. I ordered the Póke (Photo) for $11.99 which was outstanding.  I love fresh Tuna and Coconut's might be some of the best I've every had.  Order it and see!My coworkers ordered, the Chicken Tacos for $11.99, Steak Tacos (Photos) for $11.49, Fish Taco for $10.99 and a cup of Chowder for $5.74. Add in a few IPAs, or soft drinks and we all averaged about $15 each.I tried my friend Josh's Fish Tacos and his was great, too.  So why they Four Star review, Georgie? Well the non fish group thought theirs was average. Okay, so you go to a place called Coconut's Fish Cafe and you order chicken and steak?  I'm sorry, that is so LOL. Step away from the meat taco guys and no one will get hurt!  Order the Poke, Fish or Shrimp Tacos and you'll fall in love with Coconut's Fish Cafe as I did.Enjoy!
As the previous person posted, what more can really be said about this restaurant. I just came back from Vegas this morning and a truly truly horrible experience.  I only went out there for a concert and the concert and this restaurant were the best parts of my trip.  I went in here accidentally, meaning, i had no clue it was Bobby Flay's restaurant. I was hungry and Caesars Palace was a across from where I was staying and all the restaurants in my hotel were packed and had lines, I walked right in with no waiting. (I will assume now that since its Bobby's place this place can get crowded so I feel the need to note this was a Sunday about 11:45am) Once inside Caesars Palace, I went to the first restaurant I saw, which was this one.  I realized mid-meal it was his restaurant when the waiter at the table next to me was explaining to the recently seated couple that "Mr Flay likes a little spice so beware all of our dishes have a little kick" (they were an older couple). I know i'm slow after he said that, that's when i realized why they had his cookbooks in the front. :)  (but like i said had a horrible trip so i wasn't even looking for things like this) anyway onto the food.FOOD: fantastic.  I went on sunday and i got the eggs and aged striploin tortilla (fancy name for steak and eggs) and  it was yummy.  It came with all this spices of sorts (well they werent spices). I am not really sure how to describe it, more like the consistency of salsa's but they werent salsa's, at any rate it was really good mix with the eggs.  I had a side of home fries which were a little burnt but oh well.  The steak was very good, very flavored, moist and tender. Overall very good. Had a cappuccino too, also very good. I wish i had tried the crabcake's but i knew i wasnt going to eat all that. waiters were awesome, just the right amount of attentiveness. (I personally hate when waiters/waitresses, come back every 5 minutes, is everything ok is everything ok...sheesh can i enjoy my meal?) Anyway like i said, i had a horrible experience in vegas and this and the concert i went to see were the best parts about my trip, very glad i blessed up on this place.P.S.  Take notice, i have never eaten in a celebrity chef's restaurant and noticed that there were no salt and pepper shakers on any table.  ha just a fun tidbit, i thought that was funny and very interesting, almost as if the chef is subtly saying "you will not mess up my dish with your spices"
In the heart of Chinatown, I discovered it enroute to Kensington Market one day. It's quite hard to see, if you don't know it's there. First experience was very positive - would definitely return!ATMOSPHERE: Small space. Think Banh Mi Boys, and other trendy over-the-counter eateries. Vibe is casual. Free WiFi is nice.SERVICE: Okay. Staff does their job, but not overly helpful upon entering the space. Maybe because it's an over-the-counter style place, but it would have been nice to be walked through their ordering process and menu.PRICE: Average. Depends on the size of pizza you order.The small pizza ($7-9.50) is filling for one. Large size pizza ($13-18.50) is good for sharing... or one VERY hungry person.  Pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)FOOD: My friends and I were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. It wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised EVERY other table around us only had pasta on them. Guess we gotta come back to try! We did notice that the menu said their pasta is homemade. So will definitely come back.Here's the pizza we ordered:Peking Duck Pizza - Very tasty! Rich flavours that work well. But it's heavy, so come hungry - or order to share.Margherita - Good, but not the best. I recommend trying the more "special" toppings instead.Shall return, and/or try other locations.
Always a fun outing to come for great hot dogs and ALL the fixings!  A great place to bring out of town company for a good lunch a new experience.
Was a Chicago style deep dish.  Homemade type crust, good sauce. I ordered extra cheese, Italian sausage, canadian bacon and jalepeno!!Was GOOD AND definitely filling!!!
This was our choice, by default, for New Year's Eve dinner this year. See, we chose not to make reservations, but instead just wing it and see where we could get in. They had some early dining availability, so we jumped on it. Their special New Year's "Paint the Town Gold" menu did not disappoint.Located in the beautiful Mandalay Bay restaurant row, Kumi is a gorgeous display of style and food artistry. Every course was surprisingly delicious, and plated interestingly.Service was very good, seriously on point. Right up until the dessert course...after 30 minutes of waiting for it, we finally requested the check as we had an event to get to. One of our attendants felt bad and offered to quickly grab it for us but we were in danger of being late so we opted not to take him up on it. It's a beautiful, albeit very pricey experience for dinner. We would return for special occasions only.
The ingredients are always fresh and I like that I can customize everything. The price for the pita/salad is reasonable, but after the delivery fee of $3, it can be pricey. Definitely a great option if I forget my lunch at home.
Room was very clean.  Staff was exceptionally nice for a mid-level hotel.  It had a parking lot right out the front door.  The free breakfast seemed generous (I didn't partake).What more can one ask?  I'd stay here again.
Happy to give a strong recommendation to this place - fun atmosphere, great service, excellent food... and really loved the made-at-the-table s'mores!I recommend this for anyone who has out of town guests for a little bit of the 'old west' and good fun.  All you can eat BBQ on Saturday and Sunday during the day.
Great fresh seafood spot located in the Scottsdale Quarter. Enjoying a nice dinner out and felt like seafood so we decided on this restaurant. We were greeted and taken to our seat right away. The restaurant sets a more professional, upscale type atmosphere.We were greeted by our server and he took our drink order. We started with the seafood platter which had shrimp, oysters, lobster tails and a crab mix. Love seafood? Get this for sure! The oysters were quite large and not amongst the freshest I've ever had but they were still good. For dinner we enjoyed the chicken and the scallops with a side if crab fried rice. Crab fries rice was full of flavor and really good! Scallops had a citrus flavor added which made it even more tasty. Service was above par as well. Our server was attentive and friendly. I'd go back if I wanted a nice night out and craved some seafood
When it comes to presentation this place executes that one thing completely. The food tastes as good as it looks, but if you're on a budget this place my be out of reach depending on what's in your pocket. Even their establishment looks amazing. I love this place and love their "screaming orgasm roll"!
Bobby Flay's restaurant at Caesar's Palace.  Tasty but with mixed reviews.  The first time I went there, everything I had was delicious.  The chicken and pork tenderloin were outstanding.  This time, I ordered the following - duck crepe (SOOOO good!), shrimp tamale (very flavorful and fresh), salmon (mediocre, at best... and our waiter even told us not to order it... but my friend didn't listen), and halibut (tender, flaky, not fishy at all... and so flavorful!).  The halibut and appetizers were my favorites and I would definitely go and order those again.  We also ordered 3 desserts, which were totally worth it!  Sweet potato pudding (and I don't even like sweet potatoes!), Banana pie tart thingy, and spicy peanut chocolate cake.  mmmmmm would definitely go there for dessert and the appetizers!!! You need a reservation for this place.
Paid a visit here after the JT concert on Friday night - best decision all weekend. Every restaurant was packed before the show, so we set on wandering MGM afterwards for a good after show nosh and were definitely pleased at Crush. Luckily we were seated right away (not many people ordering dinner at 11pm I suppose!) and our incredibly nice server saw to our drink order ASAP.The ambience is tres chic. Dark, romantic, and removed from casino craziness in the back where we sat cuddled up in a booth. The only negative about our seats was the pretty chilly draft, but perhaps we were just too sober ;) The Syrah was absolutely delicious, and at $11 for a glass, a Vegas bargain. We began with the Caesar salad which came out within minutes of ordering and was very tasty, though I myself found the sweetness to be a little strange. Overall it was a crunchy, refreshing delight. We then shared a margherita flatbread and the gnocchi. Whoa....both dishes definitely exceeded expectations. They were small plates, but really perfect for sharing. The speed at which the salad was delivered was slightly misleading, as the other dishes took quite a while to come out. However, they were clearly exceptionally fresh when they arrived.Our waiter was pretty busy but as attentive as he could be, and very professional without being overbearing. The end-to-end experience was more than I expected at such a large venue, and thus deserves a high recommendation. This was a perfect way to wind down from an energizing show without losing the dazzle of a getaway weekend with your honey.
So pretty inside and well organized! I called for an appointment before my wedding for me and 3 others and was told they wouldn't be able to help me on that day because they were going to be too busy. :( So we went somewhere else. I had a gift card for here so I went here for my fill, and they did a great job, but a bit overpriced! I brought my daughters in so all 3 of us could get pedicures and had a great experience! Overall a great place!
Prices are reasonable...fried rice, Thai flat noodle with Duck, and the yellow curry is delicious!  However, they burnt my fried calamari :(
What can I say?  The bread is made daily and the portions are reasonable. They have a wide selections of desserts,  Asian drinks/candy/food,   and their sandwiches is made when you order.
Had a wonderful meal here. Rib steak for two with herb butter and mushroom onion sauce was excellent, cooked to medium rare spot on, lightly coated with Montreal steak spice. Tuna steak lightly seared just right went well with lentils and mint. I am withholding a star because even though the wine list was interesting and extensive, only three reds were available by the glass, and the pour was nowhere near generous.
Huge breakfasts served all day. "the all American" was very good if you want something simple. Service was spotty mostly because the waiters would disappear when we needed their attention. They were able to separate the checks which was great. The waffle was forgettable and expensive. I recommend egg dishes! If you need a quick yummy breakfast in downtown I recommend this.
The whole experience is awesome. They start you off with silly anouncements from the gate. In other words, the staff is friendly, spontaneous, and well, AWESOME. It's a small plane, though, so whether you're travelling a short (ie from San Francisco to Vegas) or longer distance (SF to New York), then Virgin America is the way to go.  I guess the airline is famous for its mood lighting which is relaxing. They have a really cool in-flight entertainment system - touch-screen, on-demand movies, live satellite TV, radio, etc. So if you're flying, better bring your own headset coz they sell theirs for $2. To sum it up, the experience was so darn good that I wish I had more time on the plane.
Great food & very friendly staff.  We got the Shrimp Creole & the Cajun Trio, both tasty with the equivalent of home cooking.  The peach cobbler was delicious & passed my friend's test, who is from the South & has some experience with this dessert.  The owner chatted with my friend & I and told us how the restaurant got started.  Definitely worth trying.
What a great restaurant in the South Side! We went for restaurant week but the entrees are on their normal menu. Everything had such a pop of flavor and was perfectly cooked. The only part of our meal that my boyfriend didn't enjoy was the dessert. The shrimp appetizer is loaded with garlic! Definitely enough for two people. The stuffed oysters were very filling but I liked the shrimp more.For entrees I had the chicken in cream sauce which was amazing. My boyfriend had a perfectly cooked fillet. My lemon cake was awesome but his creme brulee was watery. They substituted it for him.Awesome service, great wine, and great food! We will be back!
If you're in the Mississauga area, a must stop for any tech professional. I'll sum it up with two easy statements:1. Awesome selection of beer on tap2. Reliable free WiFi with good bandwidthEnough said.
I was excited to finally eat here. I ordered Carne Asada tacos and rice and beans. The food was great the chicks were hot. The chip and salsa were good.
3/5/11Considering how disappointed we were with Lotus of Siam last time in Vegas the bf was wary of trying Thai again until we found Thai Style Noodle House! We tried the thai style noodle with beef which is their pad kee mow...and the beef combo noodle soup...Super crowded and cozy...the service was good but there was a slight wait for food obviously...the beef combo noodle soup was very interesting... not sure I'd try it again because it wasn't spicy at all! LOL One of the better tasting Thai places in Vegas...
This was delicious. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and tacos. It came with a side of fresh smashed potatoes (never had this as a Mexican place but i was craving it).The water was delicious and fresh, the decor of the restaurant was phenomenal, and the service was good (not over the top, but nothing to complain about).Prices were very reasonable. I would visit again and take friends.
Great little sushi spot Took advantage of all you can eat to sample lots of different types of fish Friendly  staff Great variety of items on the menu A must try
I came for a quick bite and just ordered from the appetizer menu. Things I had:Sweet Potato Pancakes: these were very interesting and not what I expected. They appear to be deep fried pouches of a sweet potato purée-like filling. The balance between crunchy outside and gooey inside is a nice balance. These are only slightly sweet and I wish weren't so oily.Beef in Lettuce Cup: the plating was nice but not sure how they got "cups". I expected lettuce  wraps but received beef with lettuce pieces. I could not scoop then into lettuce cups as the lettuce was chopped too much. Flavor wise this was DELICIOUS! I highly recommend this if you want a lighter low carb dinner, and it's much cheaper than the entrees and the portion isn't too much! Ambiance: a little dark for my liking and I went during lunch time. I sat by the window which made it bearable, otherwise it was way too dark.
2015 St. Patrick's Day Festival highlights: Saturday morning parking was available for free at 1) Parking Garage near City Hall, located at Basic Road and Lead Street. Accessed from Basic Road and 2) Parking Garage near Justice Facility, located at Water Street, near Basic Road. Accessed from either Water Street or Texas Avenue.A must see is the  Carrolier Academy of Irish Dance! The children participated in the parade and scheduled events throughout the weekend. Led by Debbie Carroll and Shelley Locklier, the two dancers have Irish dance teaching credentials; both teachers travelled the world with Michael Flatley's Lord of the Dance.Fun for the children included the ferris wheel and carousel.  Since the Las Vegas Valley does not have a permanent ferris wheel and carousel to ride, we enjoyed taking a twirl on both.  Ferris wheel tickets were 4 tickets per person. Carousel tickets were 3 per person, but an adult is free if standing next to small children who are on the ride.  Each ticket = $1.25.I would like to see a greater use of food trucks.  We saw pizza, Mexican, Filipino, hot dogs, cupcakes, and snowcones. Come on Las Vegas Valley food culture, come out and show us what you offer.
Food was really good, but $14 for a carry-out Greek salad seemed kinda pricey...
Q&D: Some of the best Chinese I've had in AGES!  Great atmosphere too.Long & Fishy:  I'd be surprised if you could walk by this place in Caesars and not notice the huge fish tanks filled with hundreds of goldfish, it's unreal.  People stop just to take pictures of the tanks.We came in to grab some dinner and I have to say I honestly wasn't expecting much based on the yelps I read.  My experience was nothing like everyone else.  Our server was nice and friendly, the menu was big, the atmosphere was ultra cool, and the food rocked.The one downside was that the food did take a few minutes longer than I expected, but when it did finally come, boy was it worth the wait!Would I go here again?  If I ever stay at Caesars again, sure.Should you go here?  Yes, it's pretty darn good Chinese.,Sam
I LOVE THIS PLACE. ever since i frist tried it in atl.ok. first thing first. YOU MUST ORDER COCONUT SHRIMP (unless your allergic!)we ordered:onion rings ( A MUST its frikkin huge and the sauce is awesome!)Crab, Shrimp, Mango and Avocado Stack Crab (its frikkin good as hell.. mix it in the sauce that is circled around the plate they go perfect together!)Cuban Sandwich (eggs were missing from it for me but the bf said it was good)1/2 coconut shrimp & Caesar salad. (like I said the coconut shrimp is to die for ::and if your allergic i mean literally::  the caesar salad was... meh.. the cruton were cute but the salad itself was whatevers.SERVICE AS USUAL WAS AWESOME! waiters were nice, patient and quick. waters were always filled as well.
Well, it's doubtful that I'll ever get to eat at the French Laundry so was happy that we got to try out his more casual, Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.  We ate here on the day before New Year's Eve so that may have been why we easily got a reservation at prime dinner time.  Everything from start to finish was pretty much impeccable. Sourdough bread in the shape of leaves were brought out immediately with softened butter in a small ramekin.  One thing I hate is when warm bread is brought out with butter that is ice cold and hard to spread on the bread, so I really appreciated that the butter was the right temperature to easily spread.For a starter, we split the Terrine of foie gras which was delicious.  It has a thin layer of braised beef ground down to a coarse pate texture, then a thin layer of foie gras, then a layer of prune gelee.  Served with crostini and a small frisee salad.  The slightly slightly saltier beef and the creamy foie went so well together. The prune gelee added that touch of cool sweetness that made it all work together.  A dish I would definitely recommend.For our entrees, I got the Steak frites, and Mark H had the Leg of lamb (Gigot d'Agneau.)  Mine was hangar steak topped with caramelized onions served with a compound butter and a healthy portion of nicely crispy, thinly cut fries.  The steak was cooked to a perfect mid rare and was tender.  The onions and the compound butter did overpower the steak a bit, though.Mark H's dish on the other hand, was the better of the two.  The roasted leg of lamb was just so tender and flavorful,  the knife cut through the meat like butter.  The lamb was served with flageolet beans and braised escarole.  Our server asked him when he was ordering if he wanted any sides to go with it since it didn't come with a starch but the beans and escarole was enough for an entree portion.  Besides, I know he wanted to save room for dessert.For dessert, we split the Banana crepe gateau.  Layers of crepes with banana pastry cream between them, served with salted caramel and french vanilla gelato.   This was pretty amazing as well.  I've had some fantasic gateau de crepes in france and this one really reminded me of being there.  The banana flavor was a bit too subtle for me but that salted caramel was like heaven.  Such an incredible texture to it with that bright kick of salt, damn.  The french vanilla gelato was memorable as well.  Nice silky texture and oh so creamy.The next time I'm there,  we really have to try their breakfast.
Great place! This is our go to place for sushi in CLE. They have a tuna appetizer that is served in the shape of a heart and is possibly the most refreshing and delicious thing on a hot summer night!
First of all: the pictures on the website are incredibly outdated. My boyfriend suggested we go here at first, but when I googled it, I exclaimed that I didn't feel like watching the Jays' home opener in a "dumpy ass place". Imagine my surprise at the nice newly-renovated pics on Yelp! It's a gorgeous space now. We live in the area, and I think this is our new go-to bar. We got a comfy spot in front of a giant TV to watch the Jays game, and our food/drinks were great. The salmon salad came with a huge piece of fresh, healthy tasting salmon filet. It was just what I wanted. The one wrinkle was that I wanted to swap something out of my salad for avocado instead (which came with the grilled shrimp salad but I wanted salmon, and not shrimp). The server told me they didn't do "those kinds of substitutions" but would check anyway. He came back, and affirmed that they couldn't put avocado on my salad unless they charged an extra $2.00. Kind of annoying. I get that if you're Terroni you can have a "no substitutions" policy but in this case, how about changing that policy? The server really made an effort though, and said he'd bring over some guacamole instead. That was much appreciated :) The hourly rentals to use the pool and ping pong tables are pretty pricey ($25/hour) but it is a really nice space now, with nice, clean washrooms (important!), comfy seats, and lots of TVs. Will be back to watch more sports!
Wow, this baby's got no love on Yelp since 2010! What's up with that?Well, you guys are missing out because YUM. I recently tried the shrimp burger at this cozy little hole in the wall, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. I mean, it consisted of  burger buns, lettuce, swiss cheese, onion, tomato, and about 6 sizzling, crunchy shrimp which to my knowledge didn't have too much garnish. Still, the combination was oddly very satisfying. I like my food to have a lot of flavour through sauces, herbs and spices, but the dressing wasn't at all necessary. Great little place.
I've driven by this place countless times on my way to work but finally got the chance to stop by early this afternoon. There was another couple sitting outside (they only had 2 tables with 2 little chairs outside, so not much of a patio incase anyone was curious). Anywho, me and my boyfriend took a couple of minutes to decide what to try because there were at least 30 flavors to choose from. The small and medium give you 2 flavors to try from, the large gives you 3. He chose the small with coconut and mango gelato and I had the small Oreo and dolce de leche. The coconut tasted AMAZING. But the mango was the show stopper, it was amazing. To anyone who loves the fruit, this is just as good if not better (yes, I went there!)The Oreo tasted like plain vanilla. I barely tasted any cookie pieces. So avoid it unless you want a plain vanilla taste. The dolce de leche was really good, a little on the sweet side but still enjoyable. All in all, we paid about $11 for both small gelatos. It was worth the price and if ever I'm on the danforth and craving something cold & sweet, this is where I'll go!
Lakes Lounge is a great place to have a meal. My husband and I read a review about our neighborhood eatery 4 years ago and have been fans ever since. We work hard and like to treat ourselves to a great meal and this place competes easily with your top establishments.  The food is exceptional along with the great customer service. We love all the people who work there but watch out for Brandon...he does not make you feel welcome or gives the excellent customer service as the other employees. You will absolutely agree when I say that Lakes Lounge is a fabulous place to dine, but just avoid Brandon. He doesn't do this place justice by being an employee there and probably should re-evaluated.  Maybe the owners should have a secret shopper eat there to understand what I'm talking about. If it were not for the other staff there I would take our business elsewhere. Don't let one BAD APPLE...well you know the rest
Spent only one night here and the main reason is because they're pet friendly. Our room was the Queen suite that had a stove and full size refrigerator and pullout sofa bed. Check in and check out was a quick and easy process.Free continental breakfast which, according to my brother, is pretty decent and they offered good food. Overall, decent and quiet place. Far from the strip, which is good if you're not into partying and the Vegas nightlife.
Second brunch visit. Loved the Hash and the Eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere. Nice service. I will be back again.
Surprised they didn't open earlier in a Sunday but it was worth the wait to get in. Always want to try something new but couldn't pass up on the eggs Benedict.  The sauce is consistently the same and the Mancini bread has something to do with the experience I think. Sometimes the eggs get overdone but one of the most consistent places for Benedict.
We love this place.  Service is always good and food is delicious.  Korean pancake and Meat Chun are my favorites.
It is very small and the coffee/tea is self-serve. But, it was very good.I always take it as a good sign when the menu is small. Usually, it indicates fresh ingredients and flavourful dishes.Will go back :)
The server had an extensive knowledge of wines & their various menu selections and it was clear that we were her top priority. The pizza and dessert were amazing. My only complaint is that the chairs were uncomfortable, I think they could add some more comfortable seating to give this more of a "wine bar" feel. Otherwise everything was amazing!
I found this restaurant to have a great atmosphere. Dark, perfect for a romantic date with your partner, not a first date. I see people giving it bad reviews for the fact that the sushi wasn't great, but really the place is called China Grill, what made you think that it is a good place to get sushi. That is like going to Pizza hut for a taco, doesn't make sense. Had a couple of drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees for under 80 bucks. Great deal.
Great Sushi by far the best I have had in Charlotte....Don't waste your money on all the high priced sushi places in charlotte. Higher prices does not mean better sushi !!! I have tried them all in charlotte and 18 Asian is the best !!!
Hair Classic is a great value for a haicut in the downtown Toronto area.  I was introduced to Hair Classic by a friend and have been getting my hair cut by Yoon for the past six months.  He is superb - quick, friendly, and always delivers a solid and consistent cut.  Overall, excellent value at $20.
Was not greeted by any of the three people inside. When the girl came out from the bathroom the only indication that she was ready to work was her standing behind the register, silent. Seemed irritated that we were the only customers and interrupting her "down" time.  Good thing the food was great.  I had the lamb kubideh and my wife had the chicken kabob. both were cooked appropriately. rice was tasty and the grilled tomato was a nice touch. I also really like the green relish/salsa like condiment.
Despite it being a vegetarian, vegan, and healthy place to dine, their pastrami sandwich with thousand island dressing on rye bread is delicious! In my opinion, the prices are a bit steep for the type of food. There aren't a lot of meat options available, but if you are craving something hearty, order the Roo's Romanian Pastrami!
WOW - a good hearty meal. The quality of the meat seems quite good. Service is great. Food may not be very good for me but always nice as a treat once in a while.
The pizza is very, very good! We arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating!
After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff. Only friends and family were invited. We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning. Perhaps.Either way, free lunch.It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered. Not for the weak at heart.It's not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with the Sausalito Bandito panini. Delish! It also passed my spicy- enough- for- me- test. Yes, I needed multiple napkins for my nose.I could have taken a little more spice, so next time I might ask them to kick it up a notch, but it was a refreshing foray back to my traveling days when I tried to convince a chef in India that, no, I am actually not white. I just have REALLY light skin. Never worked.Al had the Aztec pizzeti. Coming from NY, I am particular about pizza. This looked like it fit the bill. Very think and crispy crust. A little too much cheese for my taste, but most people out here like it like that. She loved it, along with her bowl of loaded potato soup.Mickey had the Gobbler with a side salad. When she bit into the panini she made a face that I think should remain in the bedroom. Enough said.Bryan had the salad and enjoyed it immensely. It didn't look like much, but I might have to return when they open tomorrow and try it out for myself. The croutons did look very appetizing.One of the attentive staff members made the rounds with a tray of mini chocolate chip cookies. Fantastic. Crispy on the outside and soft and gooey on the inside. Mama like.All in all, I'll be back. Probably tomorrow. And maybe the day after...AMENDMENT:OK, so I did go back the next day... and today (which is the following day). Yesterday I had the tuna salad, which was delish. Theur tuna is a little kicked up, as it's made with chipotle mayo (but really not too much) and spoicy pickle relish. Tasty. It was served over a bed of greens with a lemon olive oil dressing.Today I had the med sub. It was ok- nothing out of the ballpark. I got it with the spoinach salad, which was also delish. Down to 4.5, but alas no halfs...Stick with the paninis and the salads. Maybe the soups too. I have yet to try the pizzetti... stay tuned.
I'm so sorry to do this to you Capitano and while I love your food most of the time, there are some inconsistencies.  I still want to go here and will come back again soon, but I've probably been here close to 10 minutes and 7 times were phenomenal, 1 time was average, another was slightly below average and 1 was quite dismal.  The last time I came here, while they tried to accommodate me and fix the issue, the fries were hard and not salted enough and the burger tasted very bad.  This is rare and that's why I'm only docking one star, but for some reason, one of the fry cooks didn't add salt to the fries and they always have before.  The cashier said you could ask for salt, but what frustrated me is that they were always perfectly salted before and while I understand some people will say it's too salty, you can't go from quite salty to no salt at all. That's quite the change.  I have to say, all the bad times I was there, there was one consistency on who was making the food, but I don't want to say who, as they are making a living.  While I love you Capitano, I really hope you can be more consistent.  However, gelato is still da bomb.  Love the mojito.
South Point is a very nice hotel and everything is nice since it is only 6 years old.  The room is very clean, big and comfortable with a big flat screen TV.  Everything is modern and new.  Inside the hotel, there is a movie theater and bowling center.   The buffet is very cheap and they gave out a lot of coupons like a free cocktail, a free sovenior at gift shop, 50% coupon for Garden buffet.  It is a very nice hotel.
Delicious burgers for sure! Add that with the Cajun fries and it makes the meal even better!The free peanuts is a nice touch.I'd give it 4.5 but the app doesn't let it. I'd deduct the half star just for the price. We got a 2 burgers (reg and little) with med fries and large drink cost me $25.Best burger joint in the area.
I'll admit it was hard to get used to the smell as you walk in, but I'm glad I did! I'm big on their baguette's which have the perfect crunch offering a great ratio when served with their sandwich meat. You can even buy day old bread at a steep discount to have with dinner! I normally opt for the turkey and cheese that comes out fairly quick. Give their dried fruits, smoothies, or one of their many pre-packaged oriental desserts a try. I love coming in when they are baking the bread for the day and the line always moves quickly. They have recently started accepting card so that's a major bonus!
I was invited back to the restaurant by the owner to give it another try. Alexandria our server was awesome. She gets 5 stars just for being so lovely.I tried the A2, Frying Tuna, and Screaming O... They were good, all offering something a little different.The BEST was the Tempura Oreos. Sounds bonkers, right? No! Eat them.. Be willing to get too full off of them... They are heaven.
With a Just Pay Half Hot Card in my hands and an imminent wall-shaker of a concert at nearby Howler's recently, I strolled into Lot 17's darkened but genial beer hall-ish environs for eats and came away satisfied. Deciding not to go with a burger for the umpteenth time, I instead chose the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich, which comes complete with a pineapple ring, a drape of provolone cheese, and roasted red peppers. It's shame that the exquisitely tender chicken didn't smack much of jerk seasoning, though. Nonetheless, sweet, savory, tart, and creamy cavorted brilliantly together within a Sunday dinner-worthy Kaiser roll on a Saturday night. A flawless pile of housemade, kettle-plunged, perfectly salted potato chips complimented the soft and juicy sandwich with their inherent crunch factor. A domineering cleat of an after-dinner treat, the Snickers Ice Cream Pie had me bug-eyed upon its arrival, something my wonderful server (name forgotten) got a laugh out of. Carvel had nothing on this monstrosity of vanilla and chocolate ice cream that was garnished with nuts, candy pieces, and sauces of the caramel, white chocolate, and dark chocolate varieties. An Oreo crust would hold this sundae-on-a-plate together, bringing more texture as well as stability to this luscious, saccharine, bon-bon-riddled masterpiece of frozen confection. With quick, courteous, adept service and above average bar food, Lot 17 has hollowed out a deserved niche for itself in this restaurant-heavy area of Pittsburgh. Considering I have credit left on that card and that Hot Card participants are dwindling, I may be overdue for another visit, and it will be without a hint of reluctance, Lot 17 proving itself to be a sturdy dining option in a neighborhood with much...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5U9wGcQYfVw
Good food. My girlfriend loves the breakfast enchiladas. Service is always good and the Rosemary potatoes rock. It is a favorite Diner, Drive-in, and Dives. Check it out...#vino2ultimate #vinosquared
Liked how they were open late and also had happy hour specials after 10 pm. We really liked the bulgogi and Korean prime kalbi. They were marinated very flavorfully. The mushroom medley and sweet corn were also very good. Would definitely keep this place on my list of late night eats or when IIA just craving korean barbecue.
I ordered the much recommended hachapuri and 2 orders of khinkali (dumplings). I gotta say the flavours of Georgian cuisine is quite unique. These dishes seemed to be made to order because it took quite some time to receive. It may have been more than half an hour.My favorite would be the hachapuri. It makes me think of having pizza but the cheese is distinctly salty and they roll up the boat edges with cheese so the crust is a delight to eat. I wish there were 2 eggs. It definitely balanced the saltiness of the cheese (feta?). It seemed like there were 2 layers of cheese: the crusty top and a layer of soft chese below.The khinkali reminds me of Chinese dumplings but the flavours are truly very different from what I'm used to. It was creamy and dark. Each serving contained 3 dumplings  which doesn't seem like a lot but it really is like its own meal. It definitely needed something to cut the heaviness.While waiting for the food, we got complimentary appetizers: bread, pickled cabbage and an array of sauces (tomato, Georgian, spicy). The sauces and the pickled cabbage all have tastes I am not familiar with. I ate it all because the food was taking so long to come. The pickled cabbage I did not like so much.All in all, the service was good, the food was filling and I was satisfied.
Excellent place if you are walking down Wellington and feel like fish and chips with beer. We went on a bike ride on the first beautiful day of the year and ended up visiting a friend in Verdun. We already know the other Comptoir 21 locations at the Latine Quarter and the Mile-End - but I like this one best. We sat outside (for the first time this year!) and really relished the last light of the day. The waitress was nice and friendly, although she was a little swamped. Once she took our order, the food came pretty fast. While we all had beer, I was actually the only one having fish and chips. My girlfriend had the veggie poutine (they have vegetarian gravy that is not bad) and our friend had a cheeseburger with fries and salad. We all enjoyed our food and I was pleasantly surprised by how calm this street is (compared to busy main streets like saint Denis or Mont-Royal where it's not as nice to sit out in the street). I was also glad for the opportunity to sit outside because sitting inside on the bar makes it harder to have a conversation when more than two people are involved, plus there is a lot of oil in the air near the kitchen.  We went to pay inside and discovered they only accept debit and cash :( but overall this is a good place to have a good time!
Wow! I'm the first to review! How can that be? The Lotus Garden has been around for 60 years and there's no question as to why. The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly and accomodating.My meal always starts out with an egg roll. These are no ordinary egg rolls...they're not tiny, and aren't considered one of those side items tossed in as an afterthought as at most Chinese restaurants. No - these egg rolls could be a meal! Filled with baby shrimp, cabbage, and carrots, the filling is tender with a bit of a crunch. The wrapper isn't your typical thin, fried, "papery skin". The wrapper is a bit more substantial because of the size of the egg roll..yet it's crisp on the outside and a little chewy on the inside. The best egg rolls I've ever eaten.I also like to order the fried pork dumplings. They're pretty basic as pork dumplings go, but they have a great flavor and the dipping sauce is very good. I'm pretty picky about my dumpling sauce. I don't like it too salty or too sweet. This is just perfect with a touch of heat.My main course staple is the chicken with garlic sauce. This is noted on the menu as a spicy item. The Thai red pepper flakes give it the right amount of heat without overpowering the garlic brown sauce. It's a simple dish with slivers of white meat chicken, slivered water chestnuts, and a few mushrooms tossed in for good measure. This dish is so flavorful that you don't need anything else. I love the chicken paired with the crunch of the water chestnuts. They both take on the flavor of the sauce quite well. Other great dishes are the chicken lo mein, General Tso's Chicken, and chicken with broccoli.Plus the atmosphere is welcoming and cozy. No need for takeout!
Loved going here for happy hour. They had the BEST cucumber salad, I could eat ten bowls a day. Went there once a few weeks ago craving some sushi and salad, parked, walked up to the door, only to find that they had CLOSED. Went next door to Humble Pie and the guy at the front said they shut down January 1st. My heart sank. This is the second Sushi joint that has closed in the past few months. Ten on Tatum was equally amazing and had great food. Sad day when great sushi bars close because the chains get more business, even if their overpriced food sucks.
I chose La Quinta over other pet friendly hotels because they don't charge an extra fee for them, and I had two little doggies!! So, plus, plus there!! Room rates very reasonable.  Room had no lingering smells of any sort, very clean.  Location for my needs, right on! Had complimentary breakfast, yum!  And free wifi.  So, really saved on a lot.  Staff was friendly.  Will recommend to others especially if travelling with pets!!Only 4 stars because the only night I had a chance to relax and enjoy pool, the pool was temporarily closed down til the next day when I check out! Boo!!!
I had a durian mille crepe cake and the raindrop coffee. The coffee was delicious and the setup for the cotton candy was really cute! The durian crepe cake had a decent durian flavour but I would have liked it to have a stronger taste to it since I am a huge fan of durian anything. A little less cream would have been better as well.The store itself was pretty cute too! Service could have been faster since it was a slow night but it's ok if you're just catching up with some friends.
This place is awesome! I recently took my puggle in to get a nail grind and the staff was amazing. The girl that did her nails was sweet and patient and Ginger is not an easy one to deal with. Unlike most of us ladies she does not like getting her nails done.I got a tour of the place and the dog wash stations are pretty cool, there was every make and model of dog there getting their groom on.I can't wait to take Ging back to giver her a proper bath (and they have a blow dry station)!
Super cute place! It's quite spacious with an open feel so doesn't feel like some crammed coffee shops.  The chicken sandwich was really tasty! The bubble tea I got was not my favorite, but not bad either. Will definitely go there again in the future.
Got some food through uber eats :). The price is not bad at all, it would be more affordable when walking in definitely. But the value is good and the quality is good as well.
I love coming here because it's always a very inviting atmosphere. A bartender at the Bellagio suggested I try this place if I was looking for amazing Hawaiian food. Him being a Hawaii native, I took his word and decided to try it out. Russell and Gina are one of the nicest couples you will ever meet. Russell comes over and greets you with some boiled peanuts which are so addicting. We always order the combo and fried rice omelet which tastes amazing. My most recent trip my combo plate was a little too salty, but I didn't want to speak up. I'm so happy for them that they expanded into the space next door vs how small their place was when I first started going there. Best hospitality in town you feel like you're practically family!!
Food is great. Really really Great. Portion sizes are adequate. Prices are a little too high for the portion sizes. Last time we went their AC wasnt working well. Spoke to a friend who also went recently and the AC wasnt cooling during her visit either.  All in all, Ive been back a few times however, will try a few other Mexican joints in South Scottsdale before I go again.
I've been here three times.  I concur with the commenter who noted that the parking situation is difficult.  However, being close to I-15 and Spring Mountain is a huge advantage for me, and it is open 24 hours.A relatively new member of the staff is Tony, who recently left Saigon 8.  The guy is terrific, and I've seen him iron out the bumps when language is a problem.  He's the reason I came to this restaurant in the first place.I've had pho twice and vermicelli with grilled pork, spicy (#68) once.  The pho broth was pretty good (not quite Saigon 8, but not bad), and the meat, etc., was also good.  The #68 was the best thing I've had there, and it is served in a bowl rather than a plate, which I think helped.  The restaurant was jam packed (Friday, about 1:30 p.m.), but service went smoothly.  By the time I was finished, I would say about two thirds of the crowd had left after eating.At the table, There was hoisin sauce and Sriracha hot sauce, plus fish sauce and soy sauce.  There was also a jar of a pepper sauce that looked like a Szechuan sauce, but didn't have the heat.  There were plain wooden chop sticks, which I like, spoons, and small saucers, which I use to mix a dip.  I've mentioned in my Jenny Pho review that this is the way I prefer it, instead of bringing stuff out with the pho, and using lacquered chop sticks.One thing you should know is that there is a sign that says cash only.  That changed a couple of months ago.  They allow major credit cards (Visa, MC), but they left the sign up.I like the restaurant for the quality of the food, which is pretty good, location, near I-15, and the fact that Tony now works here, and he's terrific.Something I should have said earlier:  Pho Little Saigon makes its own Vietnamese sandwiches.  I brought some home, and they're very good.  Pho Saigon 8 doesn't  make its own, though there's a shop that makes them out the rear of their parking lot.
How can you NOT love a store that is filled with clothes that have sayings such as "I only cry when ugly people hold me" or "When life gives you lemons, squirt people in the eyes"..??This place is a playland for the fun, the kitschy, and the yeah...just a little mean.They have tshirts, shorts, baby onesies, pajamas..also keychains, compact mirrors, lip gloss. Whenever we come to Vegas, I have to come home with a D&G shirt, it's so hard to just choose one...I could easily get a little outta control. "Oops, I almost cared" or "I can tell your bag is fake" are ones I have eyeballed on numerous visits, but still passed up. This time I got one for my better half too. Control Freak with an old-school gaming remote control on it.D&G is the new black.
Are you looking for an organic, unique, and historical restaurant? Than Joes Farm Grill is the place for you. Even if you have simple tastes Joes Farm Grill will have something to suit your needs.  It has beautiful decoration, great food and affordable prices, so why not pay a visit. Joes Farm Grill has a long historical background, with a house originally built in 1966 by the Johnston family. In later years it was decided to turn the farm into a restaurant with its food being home grown or locally brought in. The house development around the farm is Agritopia, and was dedicated to permanent urban farming. In fact if you live in the development surrounding the restaurant you can rent a garden lot to grow vegetables.  All of their products are certified USDA organic, and their focus is common food done uncommonly. They feel fresh food taste better and are better for you so why not share all that with the customers. They take the foods taste to a new level with all of the recipes and ingredients. Joes Farm Grill is delicious, unique and a fun experience. I feel most restaurants are chains and don't have the history behind them like Joes does, and because of this it makes the experience much more special. Knowing your food is organic makes it taste ten times better, and knowing you don't have to spend a fortune for organic makes me want to go again. It's really stands out among most and everyone in the chandler area needs to stop by and visit.  First walking up to the twelve acre masterpiece is like going through a farm, with orange trees covering the path and large oaks surrounding it which gives a beautiful green glow of a garden.  It smells fresh and gives you an earthy vive. They are enormous and full of green vegetables that look extremely appetizing. They are covering most of the land and you can walk through them and see your food growing.  The building is white with large windows showing the back and the front equally, and the inside has simple decorations with light blue and green accents not to overpower the beauty of the vegetation growing outside. It holds no more than a hundred people and is rather spacious seating. The entire restaurant is very simple with a 60s feel mixed with a futuristic time. I ordered the jumbo breaded shrimp with fries, French toast banana peanut butter sandwich and the barbeque chicken pizza. I went with my sister because the portions are rather large and I could not have eaten it by myself. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and my sisters second. Everything so far was very pleasant and the employees were very nice. No more than ten minutes later our food was ready and it looked and smelt great. We sat down and I tried each dish, starting with the shrimp which were very large. The shrimp was crunchy and juicy and was simple and not overpowering. I thought it tasted very good and wasn't too rich which is a problem I normally find when ordering shrimp. Then I tried the French toast peanut butter sandwiches that surprisingly had strawberry's in it too. This was one of the best tasting things I have ever had! It was a house specialty and lives up to its name. It tasted like a gourmet peanut butter sandwich and was so flavorful and sweet. I had to order another one. Then I tried the barbeque pizza, I liked it but it wasn't my favorite. It was thin crust and slightly burnt, but it did taste good with the cheese and chicken combination. It just tasted like there was too many ingredients on the pizza that overpowered it. The prices weren't that bad either, the shrimp was the most expensive at 14.99 when I go again I probably won't order this again, just because it wasn't a to die for dish.  The peanut butter sandwiches were 10.99 and I crave these every day it was amazing! Than last the pizza was 12.99, my sister liked it more than I did so it depends on your taste but I probably will try something else. The most important part though is the food, and not to leave you hanging was no matter what spectacular. Fresh fries galore. The most appealing part to me was the decorations and the gardens surrounding the place. I think the set up as if you're in a food court is a really interesting concept; you have to throw away your own food on trays, and clean up after yourself. I didn't expect that and I think it's a smart move on the restaurants part.  The calm and relaxing atmosphere, and no rush pace is really nice. I enjoyed Joes Farm Grill and I plan on visiting again. I think the organic concept and urban farming is a really nice thing to hear about in today's society. I feel better knowing I'm eating organic, and knowing there are still places that are going strong with the idea of organic. I hope the success of this restaurant shows others they can do the same. This restaurant meets all my needs as a customer, clean, green and tasty what more could you want.
My mother and I often go here on Sunday mornings.  I am a big fan of their Eggs Country Benedict and she says that their Huevos Rancheros are the best she has ever had.
This was my first time here. Very cool and interesting concept. You pick a poke bowl or a poke roll from the menu or create your own. I picked the Ahi Lover roll. It's like a giant sushi roll, more like a wrap in seaweed paper or soy paper. Yummmm. Besides the fact that the young man helping me didn't know what was supposed to go in the roll, was clearly nervous and shaking, and I had to stop him from putting in crab and put in the tuna instead (you think Ahi Lover would give him a hint), overall it was very good. I will be giving this another shot to try something else.
I was incorrect: it's going to be Harlem Underground, probably an extension of Harlem Restaurant but as a lounge/resto.
On a recent trip to Westgate our friendly tour guide suggested we get pedis here.  This place did not disappoint, taking all 3 of us on the spot and plunking us down in their luxurious (aaahhh ) massage chairs and getting our feet soaking right away.It had been about 6 weeks since my last pedi and I was due.  In my opinion, this place was superior to the Aveda spa I had last visited. True confession, I had a little fall in Old Scottsdale the day before on unsteady footwear so my foot was twisted and painful.  The lady worked my feet perfectly, although a bit painfully.  But good.  I walk a ton and have calluses on the pads of my feet that really needed attention.  My feet are in much better shape now - pretty!A bonus for us was the owner, who was a big football fan and confessed he'd bet on the Vikings to win the Super Bowl.  Then we talked Packers - the local team that has our hearts!The best was the price.  The pedicures started for a mere $32.  I paid $40.  One of my friends got paraffin and paid more.  Well worth it for this luxury!Thanks again for the great treatment!
Awesome ambiance, and great staff. Food was pretty good, too. Had the brown bag chicken sandwich (good), and the fried okra (good). Also had the bacon cheeseburger and mac & cheese (both pretty good). Couples next to us ordered a sampler platter of some sort with shrimp - they both raved about it, as well as the custom style drinks.$5 for a small(er) pitcher of good beers on Sundays - great deal. Lots of unique drinks, worth a try. Servers would awesome with recommendations and making their unique drinks.
After an evening dining at Commercial Center we decided to drive around the parking lot to see what other odd places we could find. Cue Club is large inside and out. Like how can they use this much space? The bartender gave us the lowdown as soon as we walked in: the building is divided into smoking and non smoking and each have either quarter tables or pay by the hour tables. Apparently you can only do pay by the hour if you're a pro. We chose the non smoking side and there were 2-3 other tables being used at the time. The jukebox was surprisingly really good until someone chose to play their own tunes. We did end up smelling like cigarette smoke afterwards. Not sure if this is from hanging out in the smoking area initially or if it's so overpowering that it gets into the non smoking area. They also have shuffleboard and a few carnival style games like skee ball. Knowing that most any billiards hall in Vegas is going to be equally smoky I think I'd rather come here and know your chances of getting a table are pretty good and they're at least attempting to offer a non smoking option.
I've donated since college when I started organizing blood drives at our school. I try to donate during holidays since it seems that's when more activity happen with tourists in town or DUI accidents. It's a great way to give back and get some neat freebies, movie and Penn & Teller tickets, Amazon gift cards, blood donation promotional and "hero in you" t-shirts. :)The West Charleston site is the UBS I've donated to for many years. Location is within 15 minutes from home and has great parking. I am thrilled they now have a questionnaire they email me the day of my donation so I can jam through it while having my morning cup of joe. I love Mimi when I donate platelets. The other phlebotomists not so much. Last Sunday went and had an unsuccessful donation and a bruise for four days from my stick. I will only donate from this point forward when she's working. She knows me by name, happy, bright, sunny disposition, always has a loving presence and checks up on me throughout my 1-1/2 hour platelets donation process. Afterwards there are always lots of different juices in the frig, oatmeal raisin and chocolate chip cookies, Oreos, nuts and wheat thins. I actually raid the canteen area BEFORE my donation when I have to sit get my vitals done (BP, temp, pulse, iron). Due to being a pescetarian, my iron usually teeters on the 12.5 mark.Please donate! We need more people to give in Vegas.
Very cool, spacious dining room decked out in black and red. Friendly servers, although a little slow. Delicious food - the chips are fresh and warm, and the three different salsas are all amazing; the grilled peach salad was more like canned peach salad, but still was light, tasty, and refreshing on a hot summer day; and the jumbo grilled burrito...wow! There are so many good authentic Mexican places in this area, but this burrito would probably top them all! The passion fruit slaw and masa-thing on the side were equally wonderful...so much flavor! Like its siblings Fez and Switch, Ticoz offers terrific food in a hip but casual atmosphere perfect for a work lunch or night out.
Yummmy!!!Last weekend I was visiting Scottsdale with my mom and we met up with a friend of mine here. That was definitely a good choice :)Pros-- Lots of options on the menu, and they are clearly explained so there is minimal confusion- Every dish has the option to be changed (perfect for picky eaters like myself!)- Generous portion sizes- Fair prices, nothing was over $20- The staff was very personable! Such nice people who love what they do!- Efficient serviceCons-- I ordered a side of noodles and never got them :(But above all else DON'T FORGET TO:TRY THEIR NEW SPRING ROLLS BTW. I forgot the name, but it's the Chicken ones on their latest menu. SOOOO good!
Very tasty and more reasonably. Priced than mojo. But....for my food-allergic toddler, no dairy free! ! :( had to load him up w/ fruit and candy. Alas. We got free kid spoons, too.
My husband and I started eating here a few months ago. It's close to home and convenient for a quick bite. Food is very good. We've only tried the Mahi Mahi and fish n chips, but recommend both. Prices are pretty resonable for the area and not much different than any other restaurant. Service is a hit and miss. The young gals working there are mostly very friendly and attentive with an occasional employee not wanting to put much effort into work. That doesn't compromise the food however. The one thing that took me by surprise on my last visit was watching a gentleman pick up the wash rag off of the FLOOR behind the cash register and start wiping tables with it. When we were leaving I asked the gal at the counter who the manager was and she said well he's the owner and pointed to the very gentleman that picked up the washrag and wiped tables. I said to him, "I just watched you picked up the wash rag off the floor and start wiping down the tables." I'm sure (or hope) he teaches his staff restaurant cleanliness. You can tell he was embarrassed  (which was not my intent at all), but he did apologize. I think he will be more conscious going forward. I DO NOT WANT THIS TO DISCOURAGE ANYONE FROM EATING AT THIS RESTAURANT AS THE FOOD IS REALLY GOOD AND WE WILL DEFINITELY CONTINUE EATING THERE. Because of this however, I could only give it four stars.
I read reviews on yelp for sushi places in Phoenix area before picking one, so my husband & I could go there while we were there for a vacation.This one poped up as the nicest and best food reviews. So, we were quite surprised to see it was tucked in the middle of a strip center (between a Dollar Tree and Subway!). We almost had the taxi keep driving and go somewhere else.Luckily we didn't. It is a very small place, but very warm and cozy and romantic as well. We had exceptional service the entire night and great sushi dishes! We went off the recommendations of our waitress and loved everything. We went with the tapas style menu, with smaller portions, and had 5-6 different dishes. I don't remember the names of all of the dishes we tried, but most were raw sushi with light sauces, absolutely delicious! Then the last one was a hot seafood plate with shrimp, clams, squid, etc. THEN they take the sauce left, after we finished the plate, back into the kitchen to make a small dish of risotto with it and served it to us...Perfection!One negative comment. I love seaweed salad and they only serve the kind with mostly cucumbers. I was very dissappointed, as I do not like cucumbers, and getting the salad without the cucumbers was not an option. We would absolutely go back here, though, and eat again.
There appear to be many negative reviews of this place but I can honestly say we had a blast.  We raced with a super-groupon deal so that our family of 4 had 2 races each. The kids started with the junior carts and that was the right call as neither really had much experience driving carts (Mario Kart doesn't count) so they were a bit cautious at first. However, in their second race they put the pedal to the metal and tested the limits of their speed-limited carts.The adults took the big carts for a run and I was lucky to be racing with novices and took the checkered flag in one of the two races. I was foiled by a "pile up" in one of the races which killed my lap average. :) My lovely wife took a nice stroll around the course and it was fun to wave as I zipped by.The service was excellent. The track-workers were hilarious. All in all a great experience. ** note ** Our first attempt to race was marred by the company Groupon and their multi-hour outage in March 2015. We did not print the groupon, we couldn't pull it up on our phones, and they had no way to help us over the phone (30+ min wait to tell us that). Clearly this had nothing to do with K1, and they were trying to help us, and other than just giving us the races for free I'm not sure they could have done more.
I liked this place.  The Gyros are huge and can fill you up. I liked the baklava as well.The falafals were very good and salad was fresh.
Stopped by because we saw that the patio had a good amount of people so we wanted to see what was causing the crowd. We we're visiting from California and wanted to try out some AZ brews. Happy to report that we were satisfied with our choices the night we came in. We also ordered the brussels and bacon pizza. Definitely not your tradition pizza toppings but it was delicious. Will be back again when we're back in town.
Got a cut and color w NicoleI've been getting many compliments on my hair since! Only downside is the salon is kind of small... it's not fancy shmancy salon. Everyone was pretty down to earth and nice.  Parking is free out back. I will keep going back :)
The two guys that run this do a real solid job.  One of the better if not the best deli's north of the city.
All the locations are convenient easy hours of operations and staff are always friendly! Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else!
I came here for a party a few weeks ago so I can't rate this place as a restaurant. It's a very upscale joint. Bartenders did a good job of quick service. Typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over; just about what one would expect.The decor is modern. Large screens placed through the upstairs lounge. The DJ played some really great hip hop sets; really loved the music. I especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area. Very cool place to hold a party!
I just came here with my friend who had to get his car checked for something really quick.Pros:+Attendant was quick, responsive and nice. +Wait was short (it was an easy task).+Waiting room is nice - complementary water, coffee/teas. Magazines and television for entertainment. +There is free wifi.Cons:- Waiting room is a little small (probably sits around 6-10).- I would like it more spacious and open.
Happened to be walking by on Taco Tuesday.  SO, I decided to stop in and try some tacos.  Got a couple beef and pork and chicken.  Very good!!  Great actually!  The reason I gave a 4 star rating is because I got these to go, and I jumped in the car and only had to go a few miles away.  They were wrapped in foil, but, they were not hot when I got back to work.   I wonder if they could warm the shells, too--just a suggestion.  BUT nice, nice guys who work there and the tacos are delicious!!
I'm a big fan of ramen and prefer Imadake's ramen over the ramen at Kazu and Ramen-ya. The spicy ramen is especially good! The noise level is high and reservations are always a good idea because this place is generally packed at night.
So many great things about this resort.   Loved staying offstrip for a quieter experience.   The good:. Staff are great (see exception below).   Most staff here were fabulous.  The check in was smooth, the valet staff are lovely, one of the cleaning staff even offered to wait for me to get my Starbucks when she saw me hesitating to leave the guest access only area because I forgot my card. The amenities here are awesome!  The pools are gorgeous and one pool has a sand bottom portion with a sand beach.   The only thing I will say needs to change is the pool staff.   For the most part the wait staff was okay but could definitely improve but what I found awful were the lifeguards.   The first day we were at the pool three lifeguards just talked amongst themselves and bottle flipped to keep themselves busy. Yes, bottle flipped - my 8 year kids favorite game.  There was even a point where a young child in the pool went face down in the water and the adult with them didn't notice and guess what? Neither did the lifeguards.   No kidding someone is going to die on their watch if they continue like this.  The second day here it was two lifeguards having a bromance looking at each other the whole time instead of at the pool.  I get that it's not that busy but it's a job that has some dangerous consequences if you aren't doing your job even for a moment.  Instead they were passing a life float between them for fun, talking about picking girls up at the bar to the point my husband had to leave becauae he didn't want to here their childish talk anymore.   Otherwise a fantastic stay.    I'd return here for sure.
A real cozy spot to grab some Greek. It's tiny, warm, and feels almost divey, but Crazy Jim's is not a bad place to grab a gyro. I'm not going to say it tastes the most 'authentic', but it is unquestionably satisfying.It starts with the bread, because if you're not ordering a gyro on your first visit, you're doing it wrong. The pita is T H I C K. Flavorful. Heavy. It serves as a great foundation. The meat is tasty, the toppings are good and have plenty of customizable options. I had warm feta to top mine off, and it was great despite almost being too rich. They are very generous portions.You can get pizza, beer, and a variety of other dishes at an affordable price, so you've got nothing to lose by giving it a try! Just be warned that parking is a bit of a pain.
I've been a regular at Sport Clips since my first review (Nov 17, 2016) of the Arizona Pavilions location in Marana.Since then I moved to Chandler and have been a customer at this location for a few months now.The price for a haircut at this location is a little higher than I was paying in Marana. However, I still believe it is a good value due to the quality of the service.I also appreciate the fact that they usually have more staff on duty than the Marana location and so the wait time is shorter, especially on busy Saturday mornings.
Place was recommended to as an alternative to the super busy other seafood place and tried it out for dinner with my family over the weekend. Fancy interior decor that was expected from this sort of restaurant. Had reservations so didn't have to wait long. Set dinner was competitively priced, and had decent portions for a 5 person meal.
Beautiful food and restaurant. they give ya food for days and days!I got the deelish risotto (they have multiple risottos).the service was great too.
Montreal bagels were well worth the experience even in the pouring rain. There were bagel samples galore in this tiny space. I scored a caraway (cumin) and sesame bagel. I heard that the sesame bagels came out hot which was the closest thing to toasted they offered. Anyway, I really enjoyed their flavor and texture. I would agree they are superior to our Denver bagels.
Came here for dinner with a friend. We lined up for ~20mins to get a seat for two. During the 20mins, none of the servers came to ask us how many people, we waited until a table left and that was when the server came over. I've passed this restaurant quite a few times, and it usually isn't that busy... But I guess we went on a Friday night and peak dinner time. I was very surprised that the food was better than I expected. I got the chicken teriyaki, which came with green salad, rice, two grilled chicken breasts. The chicken wasn't that great.. But oh wells the sauce was delicious. My friend got the crazy platter! That was AMAZONG !! It came with a pork and fish katsu, hamburger patty with fried egg on top, macaroni salad, coleslaw, cabbage salad! The portion was big, and filling! I'm giving it a four star because I think the staff should try to learn how to approach customers when there is a line up out their door. We were kinda confused.
I call it Central Avenue Hiking Trail.  I've heard folks call this the Bridle Path, but there are a lot more running shoes and strollers than riding boots and saddles.NOBODY says Murphy Bridle Path, except maybe some grisly old dudes munching stogies and kicking out women at Phx Country Club."there are no brides either so all the times you see it referred to as Bridal Path is wrong. " Artur C.   ell oh ell 8^ DI really love this path.  I like going out into wilderness more than strolling through the city's center, but THERE'S SHADE ON THIS TRAIL !!!   Yea!If you were to go all heat stroke it wouldn't take a helicopter to extract you!   Yea!Lots of friendly people of various hobbies and fitness levels, and a Boy Scout troop (I cannot recall the name of to give credit to) has even continued to supply the doggie mitt boxes with real pick-up bags, even though the city of Phoenix has stopped supplying them to all of the dog parks.At the north end of the path, you are a little south of Dunlap ave, near Corbin's and Bombero's, and at a crossroads with the Trail going along the Canal.  You can park in the lot at Senior Villa Mexican Restaurant [*Edit: Formerly this mexican rest, but now the new Central Grille at 8525 N Central*].  If you want to start further south, then there are plenty of churches where you can prob park, but this restaurant is not open in the early part of the day, so even on weekends, this is a nice place to park.  Lock up!  Despite your surroundings, and those even more posh further to the south, you are only a 5 minute walk from downtown Sunnyslope. On the southwest side of the canal, there's a house with it's back wall bordering the canal path.  The folks here have built a few Guard Towers for their little dog, and s/he gets to runs up the steps to see over the wall and bark at whomever is going by.  NEAT and FUN for that dog, but was a little distracting to my dogs, who wanted to eat that yappy little....)Only trouble I had: once you're down the road a bit further south on Central, you are moving past various houses, estates, and condominiums, and are no longer near any of those restaurants up near Dunlap, however there is a distinct odor of DIRTY SPENT FRYER GREASE all up and down the path.  I wonder if the city sprays a petroleum product on the unpaved path to keep dust down?  I hope not; they did that on my street as a kid in Detroit, and anyone who walked on it barefoot got blisters, cracking, and peeling skin.  Blech!  Even if I lived near here, I'd rather have the dust, and I don't want that on my dogs feet, either. One reason I'd use this path in the summer is that with all the nice sized shade trees, you don't need to get your dog booties.  Pick up after your dogs.  What's with the people who tie it up in a baggie, but then leave the baggie?
This is another great ayce sushi place I visit at least once a month. The biggest selling point is the fact that they actually have little rice with their sushi. I hate how some places have rice that's size of my fist with such a small sushi piece. However, the Entrees here are comparably worse than Sushi Legend (my favourite ayce place).
All food is good here I usually get the Italian sub or pizza. Would recommend. Very busy on Friday and Saturday. If you can pick it up usually takes about an hour for delivery. And if you order sides of sauces make sure you get usually they forget to put in my bag.
Friendly staff, a great job detailing my car, and gas is always 2 or 3 cents lower than "Big Oil" . The place is just east if Islington on the south side of The Queensway... I have had exterior washes there for years (Used to be a Shell) today is the first time I spent 38 dollars for the express interior detail... Great Job ... one of those times when you just have nothing but happy thoughts ...And a nice shiny car inside and out...
The restaurant was very busy on the Saturday evening, but a table opened up just as we approached the counter to place our orders.  My wife and I each each chose the Great Greek gyro - lamb and beef gyro meat wrapped in pita bread along with lettuce, tomato, tzazki and feta. At a nominal additional cost, these were upgraded to a platter that included a small Greek salad and soda.  We were more than happy with our dining chose this evening.
Nice place.. Excellent decor and authentic food. Little disappointed with drink, specially Margarita. Good experience and surely visit again.
This place is great I bought a full set of appliances for nearly half the price I would've paid at Home Depot or Lowe's their customer service was great. Their delivery was great on time and no problems what they said is exactly what they did for me I recommend this place to anybody and everybody who needs appliances!!
...best Chai I've ever had and I'm having dreams about this yummy pastry called a "Man Bar" ...Bacon, Chocolate Chips, Bourbon ...concoction.
This. Place. Is. Solid. We came here during the middle of the downtown lunch rush hour with a party of 13 and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table. Given the amount of people in our party, the waiters did an excellent job. The servers were polite, prompt and knowledgable of the menu. It is nice coming to place where your menu questions are answered without an eye roll and with confidence.We started with the Pretzel Bun and Fried Shrimp with Jalapeño appetizers. These were amazing. The breading on the fried stuff was seasoned nicely and the Pretzel Buns coupled by the cheese sauce were simply irresistible.I ordered the Cubano sammich and of course it was delicious. The amount of smokiness in the pork was a punch to the mouth but in a good way. Normally I don't like going back to work in a borderline food-comatose state, but this place was too good to not channel my inner fatty.
Great food.  Get the meatballs.  They are the best I have ever had.  Pasta was perfectly cooked.  Clam sauce was light with excellent flavor.  Canoli was amazing.  Only reason it doesn't get five stars is the ambiance is lacking.
Excellent service. They usually have my peracriptions on hand.which is rare for.a pharmacy to have.
Tempe Farmer's Market is rad.  Their selection has grown immensely since today and when it had first opened.  It's not a one-stop, get all your groceries for the week kind of place, but it works marvelously as a neighborhood market with a few necessities and a great variety of delicious fruits, vegetables, olives, pasta and frozen meat.Goddamn am I glad this place opened.  Prior to this, my closest convenient neighborhood market was Rollin's Market with its rotting bell peppers and frozen Banquet dinners.  There's always Fry's or Safeway, but I like hitting up a small little market on the corner of my neighborhood and build a rapport with the employees and owners as part of establishing a community.The dude who runs the place will sometimes thrown in a tomato or apple or lime in with your bag of groceries.  Hey, free apple.  Not everything they have is permanent.  Sometimes something new will be there, and the next week it will be gone, but in a way, I like that about it.  You go in there, and they have these Indian pickles made from wild cucumbers.  Next week, in its place, will be garlic pickles or something else awesome.For what the place is, it's marvelous.  It's a little place and about as un-ghetto as it gets.  It's nice having a little market where you can pop in and buy polish sausage from a local farmer, organic soup, goat cheese with kalamata olives but you can also get your regular ass Skippy peanut butter and Campbell's soup.
Awesome she let me have a free pair of sunglasses,  Lol
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday because I've always wanted to try Ethiopian food. Very small quaint location that you could miss if you weren't looking for it. The gentleman who took care of us was very kind and explained everything to me. The food was amazing! Loved everything er tried!
The bread company is perfect for lunch. The prices are reasonable, the atmosphere is great, and the food is delicious. I haven't tried it for dinner but I heard good things. Definitely go!
We like the Manhattan Family Feast. $41.99 for a REALLY big 1 topping pizza, hot wings, fries, and a large salad. I do wish another salad came with it since we're big salad eaters. Good food. Good price. Prompt and courteous service.
Got the meat lovers for 4 people which was more than enough to feed the 5 of us. Food was great. Especially the marinated meats. Service was on point as well. My only complaint is that I wish they didn't server such small portions of side dishes at a time for a table of 5, which made it annoying constantly having to ask for more.
Loved this place. Food was delicious, although the menu selection was sorta slim. The combo meals are good though because you'll always find something you can eat. Delicious margaritas were on special for Cinco de Mayo, wait staff was very friendly and the free birthday dessert was a treat as well. Would definitely go back!
Honestly a little too sweet for my liking but I should have expected that getting the triple threat beaver tail, since it was covered in Nutella, If I go back I think I may opt for a different flavor, but regardless it was good, service was quick, good location ....if you love sweet you will love this place
One of my favorite places in Phoenix. I like how their menu changes slightly over time, so there's something new to try. Everything I've tried is good so far, and I've almost tried everything on the menu. I don't like the pig face dumpling as much, actually prefer the other dumplings. I love the stream buns, especially the chicken waffle and the pork belly steam buns. Their ramen and seafood hot pot is excellent, but wasn't impressed by their duck dishes.
We came here at a recommendation of a friend, upon walking in, it is quit the full house for dinner on a Saturday night, so we were seated at the bar. There is not a formal coat check (it's self-hang), and you can put your coat in the front. FOOD: We got the takoyaki, karaage, chicken skin, unagi rice soup, and green tea cream cheese cake. Imadake definitely has fast service once the ball gets rolling as they have to meet the demand of so many people getting sake bombs and what not. I settled with a Tokyotini, which was very strong. Thanks for not holding back! The food overall was on par. Hot and straight from the kitchen. I think my favorite was the chicken skin and karaage. Well seasoned and warm, so nothing to complain about. The cake was more cream cheese than green tea though. SERVICE: A bit slow at first, but it did pick up. There were several birthdays going on at Imadake, so that would slow down service a bit. Overall courteous and efficient! Recommendation: Make a reservation, if you do not want to sit at the bar!
Went here for a concert in their basement venue. Very cool space. Intimate, cozy, nice ambiance. They seem to have a real handle on crowd management. The event was sold out, but still comfortable - they clearly take care to not oversell the space. You get the vibe of being in a friend's basement, except there's wine and better decor.The wine itself - I'm not a connoisseur by any stretch. I thought it was good, but not exceptional. Cheapest bottle is a $21 white blend.  They had a total of 4-5 varieties that night, with varying prices. Overall, it's a cool place to see a show. Might  go back for a tasting sometime to get a better handle on their wines, but they did seem slightly overpriced to me.
You can find everything in this mall but it's always so packed with people it tires me out. They need more and bigger/cleaner washrooms here.
Great restaurant for a date night or to get a different ambiance than the usual PSH here in Ayrsley. Service here has always been fantastic. They always recommend great apps to start and they always have daily drink specials! This is actually a bit more upscale than you think. I would put this more on the higher end of the double dollar sign. $$. I think it's worth it if you are craving a good steak. I haven't been able to pull away from any other appetizer other than the hummus & pimento cheese dip dip. The hummus is really good! Another great go-to if you are here to drink and munch are the flatbreads. They are actually more like little pizzas, not flat at all and very good! Very filling because they are doughy. Finally, when I am craving a great burger, this is my go-to. Trust me on this one.
Now let me start with the good.... 1. Great location2. Very clean3. Most comfortable bed in Vegas4. Fashion show mall is literally right across the street5. Large roomsThe bad....1. Noisy. Train comes by 3 times a night and it is loud and they honk as they are going by.2. Pool is just ok3. Rickety pull out sofa creaked all night4. Not 5 star property like Priceline saidI would stay here again if a deal popped up and my trip didn't revolve around the pool. I love a clean non smoking hotel and this definitely beats my go to JW marriott in summerlin
Great service!! Friendly staff! The Vegan selection of sandwiches is great! I got the Meatless Mike, Vegan style, with Creole Onion Kettle Chips. It was so delicious!! I just wish they had a larger selection of healthy natural beverages but I settled for the country time lemonade. Next time I will just bring my own drink but I would definitely visit again! Great place!
Dropped by for a late lunch. They have lunch specials until 3 PM.They've got a menu that's chinese-only, and I'm not sure whether that's the menu with the better stuff or not. It's definitely different from the english menu though.Service is alright. Portions are pretty big. A group of girls sitting at another table across from us had ordered one dish each, but when the dishes arrived you could tell they were visibly shocked by the sheer quantity of stuff on the dishes. Lunch combo was pretty sizable as well, and they come with a drink on the side.Flavor was alright.At the very least, you won't be leaving hungry.
I've seen SO MANY negative reviews of this location it's insane. So I was prepared for the worst. But I'm currently sitting in the waiting area (which is really spread out and not cramped at all) and the environment is so nice!! The girls in reception have been smiling and laughing with all the people that have walked in. I tried to go to several locations yesterday and each one was miserable. At this one the wait is very long but they seem to be filing through people as quickly as possible. So give them a try if you are in the area!
My husband and I were pleasantly surprised when we had dinner here. We were expecting good food but after eating our meals this was my favorite meal in Vegas! The prime rib was cooked perfectly! The salmon was delicious! The service was absolutely great as well! We made reservations for the same day which was very accommodating. Our table was ready even when we got there 30 minutes early.
For $35 per person you can come and recharge or have some drinks while waiting for your flight out of Las Vegas.They do not have an American Airlines Admirals Club in Las Vegas so we needed to find an alternate location to relax and have a few refreshments. We walked in and were greeted with friendly smiles. Gave them our boarding passes and $70.No hot food or snacks are offered here except for Cup of Noodles (beef or chicken). Plenty of quickie snacks: multiple flavored popcorn, fruits, pretzels, potato chips, cookies and trail mix.But the unlimited drinks were really why we were here. The bartender kept the Hennessy and Coke coming. They had wine too but nothing that caught our attention. This place was a Godsend when after walking down the ramp to board we were told we were too early and that our flight was delayed. We headed back to The Club to continue keeping our drinks on.
I like to think that fast food and barbeque are two separate things that should never be mixed; the idea of getting a decent barbeque sandwich through a drive through window seems like an impossibility to me.  However, when the bartender at the awesome strip mall wine bar told me about this place you could get buggalo of food for less than a five spot, I was sold.  Cook Out is an anomaly among fast food places in that its menu has everything you could ever want, or at least everything I could ever want (sans corn nuggets).  Cook Out offers the boring old hamburger thing but don't let that distract you- opt for the BBQ.  For less than $5, you get your own picnic.  My plate had a hockey puck sized portion of pulled pork, a couple fingers of hush puppies, fries, and slaw. The chronic pulled pork was super moist considering it was 1 AM, and came topped with Texas Pete's.  Although it was delicious, isn't Carolina BBQ supposed to be heavy on the sauce?  The hush puppies were okay (more breading than bread), and the fries forgettable.  When it comes to cole slaw, I am a snob but Cook Out's slaw was surprisingly good; it was house made and very dry, but I mean that in a good way.   It's also worth mentioning that you can get a corn dog as a side.  I don't know why, but as a Southern gentleman, I agree with and salute that.  How Cook Out really let me get my jollies was the drink menu.  Cheerwine- my god, if I ever make a lot of money I'm putting a fountain of that crack drank in my house.  If you're from out of town, drink up because that stuff can only be found in North Carolina.  They also have about 40 different kinds of milkshakes available, including seasonal ones.  The winter shake is eggnog but apparently they only have that one in December.  The fact that they have a watermelon shake in the summer blows my mind.  Be warned though, the shakes are thick like a Petey Pablo video girl- you'll need a spoon, or at least a boba tea straw.  As I said, the idea of a fast food BBQ joint just doesn't do it for me, but Cook Out pulls together the concept beautifully.  It's like if Jesus and Allah got along and then made a baby.  A beautiful mixed baby named Cook Out.
I came right after the New Year for my birthday thinking that everyone was gone already... nope, the party's still going! I walked here during the day and thought it was okay. During the night? That's when our fun start!! The lights were just amazing and really had us pumped up!With shows, shops, casinos, and buffets all given to us on one long street, we had plenty of things to keep us busy. However, it does get pricy so I would definitely come when you have the cash to burn. Otherwise, you can just watch people gamble, attend free shows, and window shop.
Went to El Hefe with some friends and really loved the atmosphere and the food! We sat at a booth w the old school taps (still cold/can't use) and had great service! I ordered the Queso Fundido and Chicken nachos for the table and everything was delicious! Had great drinks, great food, great service. When in Scottsdale hit this place up! Was awesome at 4pm and apparently gets crazy fun later in the evening!
Great draft choices, friendly staff and affordable prices. Good place to grab a beer with a friend or sit back and watch a game.
An eclectic decor throughout.  Tables, chairs, and sofas are scattered to make this locale very laid back.  The fresh pastries are exquisite and the breakfast sandwiches are amazing.  This is a must stop on a visit to Charlotte.
Yes, hot tip you have to ask for the full menu. Second hot tip, learn to say "hello" in Mandarin (pronounced nee-how) and likely you won't HAVE to ask for the full menu. We've dined here several times, and on Sunday, not surprisingly, we were the only non-Asian customers in the place. The chef was in rare form, and as I sit here having my third round of leftovers for lunch I'm still loving my dish. I opted for the Vinegar Fish, it's pretty simple -- whitefish, wood ear mushrooms and water chestnuts prepared with a dose of spice and rice wine vinegar. I'm guessing by the waitress' excitement when I ordered, that it's a dish they're pretty proud of. It was fabulous.Hubby ordered the Beef and Onions, which I would classify as good, but not mind-blowing. We also partook of the Gai-choy which was cooked perfectly -- just the right amount of garlic and tenderness. In the past I've really loved their Mapo Doufu (tofu), theirs is one of the best I've had anywhere. Next time I'm planning on having the Water-Boiled Eel. I heart eel, mmm.Service is pretty barebones, so don't expect to be sucked-up to. It's perfunctory and efficient, the food comes up fast and they leave you alone. I can't complain about that one bit.
This is one of my favourite places to brunch in the East End. I was a bit surprised at my last visit because the prices went up on the menu. That's what made me put a 4 stars instead of a 5, because I would recommend this place ! It used to be very affordable (it still is!!) for very generous portions. For an example, I have a hard time finished the whole serving of benedict eggs by myself. I love their potatoes / crispy !The staff is always nice. In the summer you can eat outside. You should get there before 10h on the week-ends, it gets busy quickly.Easy parking around.
Being in Vegas for nearly 1 week, I was craving for something hot, spicy, and flavorful.  While there are numerous "famous-chef" restaurants and buffets galore on the strip, sometimes you just need a break from mass produced hotel food.  Penang Malaysian Cuisine fit the bill perfectly.  Located on Spring Mountain Road on the second floor of a mini mall, Penang is a medium sized, modest looking restaurant on the outskirts of Las Vegas' Chinatown area.   The first thing that struck me when we arrived was how empty the restaurant was...where were the people?  Only 1 table was filled, but from the way they were eating, it looked like they were enjoying the food.  The menu is extensive and offers a large variety of appetizers, rice dishes, noodle dishes, curries, seafood, beef, pork, chicken, and vegetables.  I loved that in addition to the list of menu items, there are pictures for every dish!  This helped a lot since my husband and I are not all that familiar with Malaysian cuisine.   We ordered the roti canai, a stir fry vegetable dish with shrimp paste (similar to chinese spinach, ong choy), a spicy curry chicken, and a rice noodle stir fry.  All of the dishes were delicious.   The roti was light, flaky, and hot.  The accompanying curry dipping sauce was the perfect vehicle for sopping up the yummy sauce.  So flavorful and spicy.  The vegetable stir fry and noodle dishes were also tasty.  The star of the show, however was the curry chicken.  OMG!  I wish I had a second stomach to eat more of that dish.  The curry was spicy and dripping with flavor.  Just thinking of it is making my tummy grumble and mouth water...The service was friendly and attentive.  They kept filling our water and wanted to make sure we were happy with our food.  The prices were reasonable and portions just right.  Overall we were extremely happy with our meal and will definitely be returning!
Nice little place that you can get decent Italian food late at night.  Everything we had was flavorful and not over priced like most of Vegas. The ambience of sitting outside in a mall is surprising nice and feels like sitting in a side street restaurant in Rome.
Loved the Bakery.. Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):10th Floor, Venezia Tower.. Walked in here for Brunch. The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals. Starters:Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that. It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh. The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come? Who eats bread with ketchup?Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top. This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced.. This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites.. Sounded quite fancy for a breakfast dish - In Layman's Terms = Ham & Cheese Sandwich with Egg and Fries! Toast tasted like a really buttered croissant with an airy texture. Ham & Cheese wasn't the oscar mayer ham nor Kraft cheese I use for h&c sandwiches back at home, it was much more gourmealicous! Plus, with the fried egg, more like a sunny side up egg and their white creamy/frothy sauce, makes an Incredible Sandwich! Fries were served as a generous amount and were plain good. Corned Beef Hash with eggs and toast: Corned Beef hash came in shallow bowl with a blanket of overeasy eggs practically covering the hash. I scooted over the eggs to try just the flavor of the corned beef. They were little cubed chunks sitting on top of some pretty tasty juice/sauce. The cubes tasted and had the texture of ham. The juice/sauce gave it a great beef flavor but not the usual Real and typical corned beef I'm used to having. Nevertheless, it was Good. The toast were thick and had a buttery flavor and reminded me of a Crouton. Like a Toast Bread Shaped Crouton?!..Fancy  Place, Great Service, Delectable Food But Came with a price.. $83.00 for 2 including 11.00 Tip.. Oh, it did include 2 Mimosa's! Cheers!!
Outstanding place to eat.  I ate here several times and service was always timely.  Food choices were sufficient and prices acceptable.  It can get crowded when the place is full.  Unfortunately it's a small restaurant.  I understand there is limited space at its present location but if the set up inside was roomier the setting would be better.
Food is good, nothing extraordinary, but tasty and this restaurant wins all its points because of convenience, since it's open, cooking fresh food, 24/7. A favorite for late night, absolutely.
yay! another school. I love the spot in liberty village but the brunch rush always kept me away. The menu here is slightly different but of the same ambiance. It's delicious and indulgent brunch food served well. I haven't gone for dinner, only brunch. I had the pulled pork benny (meh- the pork was dry and the egg was well cooked! which they replaced with a runny one when I asked), but the french toast was killer! the candied bacon was also totally worth the visit. Would go back and try other things. Pork benny was meh but the french toast was heaven so it gets a 4.
I was in town visiting over the wekend and stumbled upon this gem!I was amazed that it had only been open for less than a week!Being from New England, I stopped in to watch the Patriots game.The Video presentation for the sports were second to none.It didn't bother me that I was the only Pat's fan. The ambiance, energy, and professioanlly trained staff, made me feel right at home.The selction of beers were amazing, as well as the food that I sampled! I would pit their burger against any other high end burger joint that I dined at.I even challenged my girlfriend to a game of Billiards, because I was having so much fun there. The icing on the cake were the reasonable prices! I didn't get sticker shock, and it the experience didn't burn a hole in my wallet.If I lived in AZ, this would definetely be my new hang out!
After reading some of the reviews here, I'm wondering if I stayed in the same hotel.  Stayed here one night, 7/15, got an incredible price ($18!), fantastic room on the 26th floor, and couldn't have been more pleased.  As a local you get 25% off the food automatically, only one I consumed was the Sunday dinner buffet, and it was really good.  Gambling doesn't interest me, and I didn't come here to dine, but as far as a place to stay, it was an incredible deal.  Room was clean, nice, great view. loved the built in table along the length of the window (I even saw my laptops smile).Great bargain, no resort fees, good base to take off from...
It's on Mt. Washington, but no view.  The inside looks like a fire hall set up for a wedding.   It is so loud that I sometimes can't hear my dinner partner across the table.  But none of that matters when you taste the food.  The pasta is outstanding, and served in enormous, enormous portions.  The menu is a bit cryptic - dishes aren't really described, only named, so make sure you know what you're getting before you order.  And it's BYOB, so don't forget your wine!
Good lunch with the wife Tiffany I believe her name was greeted us very nicely whole entire staff was very nice and polite food came out fast and free ice cream is always a nice touch.
This is my favourite place to go when I wanna eat authentic Middle Eastern food, the prices are reasonable, they should open another location close to downtown, also I like to buy from the grocery the Baklavas and turkish coffee. there are many options.
Great Mexican food! We had green and red enchiladas. YUMM! Beautiful white Burgundian wine offered by the glass. Lovely ambiance. Ask to sit FAR away from the door in the winter. Or upstairs. They could use a heavy velvet curtain to block out that cold Montreal air! Thank you so much for the lovely dinner and good service.
My normal lunch routine has consisted of cheap, fast food contraptions and bowls of Progresso soup. So, a change in food was very much needed. My co-workers mentioned this restaurant a while ago. Today, I decided to feed my culinary curiosity and order lunch for my co-worker (aka my lunch homie) and I. Harry's Grill and Tavern, here we come! Here are some of the items that we ordered :Mapleleaf Farms Duck Wings w/Bourbon BBQ sauce and Jicama Slaw1) Initially, the chicken looked a little parched. Last night's chicken? Ummm, I hope not. However, the taste was decent. Portion size was good. 2) The Jicama slaw was an excellent take on slaw. Traditional slaw (cabbage) can sometimes become very boring. However, the Jicama put a nice spin on it. The lunch homie, though, with her traditionalist, non-risk taking tongue, let the slaw fall gently from her mouth. You can't please every palate.  Small Mixed Green Salad with Raspberry Vinaigrette and Mac - N - Cheese - Lunch Combo1) Harry's Mac - N - Cheese was the greatest joy that I experienced during this meal! The consistency and texture was great...not too dry and not loose...just creamy goodness in my belly! The levels of cheesiness was outstanding. And the light sprinkling of panko crumbs provided that last bit of contrast and crunch. The Comfort Food gods have bestowed their blessings on this particular dish.2) Bought the Small Mixed Green salad to eat for dinner. The portion size definitely small, but it's packed with some good stuff. Can't wait to get my greedy hands on it later this evening! Harry Old Fashioned Burger with a side of Sweet Potato Fries1) My lunch homie ordered a Harry's Old Fashion Burger with a side order of sweet potato fries. I snagged a few and they were good. I've ordered sweet potato fries at other establishments and I've always needed additional condiments (i.e. Honey Mustard sauce)  to add some taste. However, we both agreed that these fries were great by themselves. The slight sweetness of vanilla gave the side item a little more depth, while the salt reminds you that it's still a fry.She was less enthusiastic about her burger, though. I believed she said that she had better times with a BK Whopper. Hey, I'm not a burger connoisseur,  so who am I to judge? The presentation of the burger was well put together. Wasn't sloppy or unappealing. Just your typical pub burger waiting to be consumed.All items were moderately priced. My tab totaled to 31.12. Our lunch take out order was timely ( ready in 15 minutes) and accurate. Great location and if you're a non-parallel parker such as myself, they have easy access to the restaurant from the parking garage.  I will definitely return to see what Harry's has to offer for dinner and brunch. I must try the Lobster Mac - N - Cheese!!!
I had a very nice lunch with a client. I tried out their new pesto chicken pasta dish. The side salad was a bit of a disappoint for the price, maybe because the plate was not big enough to actually toss the salad!! haLocation was a nice size, clean and the staff were okay!
Location: located in the Albertson next to a vapor store. Plenty of parking space. Decor: nothing special. But clean and their service is great. If you do not like your drinks, you can exchange it with no question asked. That's great customer service especially if you pay $6 for a drink. Drinks: their specialty is Fresh Brewed Tea. However, they also have smoothies and coffee too. Their smoothies are not from fresh fruit so do 't expect healthy fruit drinks. The coffe is OK, not strong enough for me. My favorite drink here is the Jasmine Latte. I love how you can customize the sweetness, or add any toppings. Price is expensive for tea drinks. But you get what you pay for: freshness, great taste tea and service. Will be back and for that I give this place 4 stars!
It's great to have mobile service come to you. I appreciated T&A returning my call within a few hours. Taylor and crew provided quick professional welding service to our new RV. Our welding work was neatly done including marching spot paint to protect the new welds. My only complaint is arrival time was 40 minutes late. Service charge was very fair. We are happy campers!
Don't eat all day and go here to eat every animal under the sun. Above average salad bar but not the best brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to before.
Absolutely best Trader Joe's I have been to so far in Las Vegas and San Antonio. First off Trader joes has amazing prices vs. Other grocery stores. The selections of pre made dips and different meats is the number one thing I  love about it. Its is one of the only stores that I have seen carry Hawaiian shorts ribs already marinaded!! (Mmmm). They don't have tons of produce but they do have a good selection. They have awesome bouquets of fresh flowers that are super cheap! Natural shampoos, toothpaste, ect. Dog food, wine, gluten free selections, and on on!!In think it was such a great idea to hide a fake  parrot....or at this store it's a sea horse, to keep kids occupied while shopping. If they find the hidden Sea horse they get a treat. Yay!!!  They have these adorable little kids carts too which my kids loved!
My coworker turned me on to this place. The place is a classic hole in the wall with good food. I had the burger, wings and fries all was delicious with a great price.
we updated our review and eggworks redeemed themselves----thank you=we had a wonderful experience on our 2nd visit-happy we gave it one more try. we will return an be sure to customize everything we order....) food took a long time to come out/be served, but well worth the wait!!!!
Good food all around. The meal begins with complimentary sides as most Korean restaurants are known for. In addition to the usual sprouts, kimchi, etc. Island Style also gives you boiled peanuts which were a nice touch. I went wth cold noodles half and half for my meal. I really liked the dish, with each side offering a nice taste. I wish it could have been spicier but in the end I was contently full and very happy with my choice. $14 for the dining experience was well worth it. The restaurant itself had a very mom and pop feel and seemed authentic in every aspect. A very good option for eating in the area.
I think there is a lot of mediocre food in Vegas.  Even the big name places-- dull.  Bouchon is very good but not quite outstanding.  I have also been to the Napa Bouchon, and would say the same.  Well, except for that side of butternut squash.  The best butternut squash I have ever had.  The pumpkin soup was great, the scallops very good but not great.  Our service was excellent.  We needed to catch an early dinner before the Garth Brooks show, and I was definitely pleased with our choice.  We'll be back!
The second most authentic Mexican experience I've had in Pittsburgh (see Edgar's Tacos in the Strip for the first).Chips and salsa are brought to you as soon as you sit down, there are plenty of options, even for a vegetarian like me (that don't involve tofu, which has no place in Mexican food). It seems to be the only place around that has a wide selection of traditional Mexican beers.I find the atmosphere a little hokey, but I feel like that goes with the territory.
Went in to check out the different phones that ATT has thru Best Buy. After looking at several models decided upon the Motorola Atrix. This is where it gets complicated. I have four lines and some were ready for upgrades....well anyway it took us over two hours with the store and ATT to get everything straightened out.  Kendra who was helping us was supposed to leave early to spend time with her family and never once did she act impatient or on a hurry. GREAT SERVICE!  Very Happy with my new phone...the only  reason they do not have five stars is because there were only two of them working and the line got backed up.  But very happy with my service!!! Thanks Kendra!
The Cajun rib eye was great! Sweet potato fries also good, as reported.  Both sauces were wonderful. The mashed potatoes were creamy, buttery delicious! Can't say I would recommend the Cole slaw, tasted as if the dressing was nonexistent. A bit pricey but huge portions.
my first (and thus far only) go at poutine! I got a yummy vegetarian version, improved by sriracha. I know the next time I'm drunk, I'll be craving this stuff--unfortunately I'll no longer be in Canada! Poutine may not photograph well, but it tastes good :) I'll order extra curds next time
A little pricy but the quality of the food, the service of the host/server, and the location was worth it.
Small bologna and salami sandwich, toasted with cheese, mustard, and mayo. Very cheap and good. They also have good pickles, and soda made the old fashioned way. Really cool little shop. Check it out.
I was eating at Oregano's the other day and this girl, a local was telling me about this place said it was a dive bar but fun so I had to try it out for myself.  I liked it but it is def a DIVE bar.  Cheap drinks that has liquer in them.  I'll def be back.
Loved the pizza. They had a great selection. Services wasn't bad. The wings are also tasty. It was the breakfast of champions! ; ^ D
So I thought I would make Lahaina Grill my FIRST review even though I've been a Yelp member for a while and eaten at many places. Upon entrance of Lahaina I was very impressed with the atmosphere  its very nice and laid back for a sushi place but I was really taken away by the fact that it has a full service bar with gambling. Its not an AYCE sushi place anymore but their ridiculous happy hour make up for that. My g/f and I thought the calamari and sushi was bomb. The service was good and we will definitely be coming back here again.
I didn't try more than 1 drink but was happy with it. Had s licorice stick. Super yummy.
Great drinks, friendly staff.Menu is very pork oriented (a major plus).  Everyone at my table was very pleased with their main courses, but the bacon and cheese biscuits were dry. Overall, great place and I will return.
Food is yummy, hot pots are affordable. Only complaint is the long wait for service and food, but the food is good enough to keep me coming back!
I have stopped in at La Plaza twice now in the last two weeks.  Once on a whim (based on a glowing yelp review) and once more on a mission.  Both times I left happy and excited to return. La Plaza stocks most of the general staples you'd need from most groceries, though obviously there is a strong lean toward mexican, Central, and South American goods. Especially delightful to me is the meat counter with not only fresh chorizo, but also fresh chincharrones (PORK RINDS!) by the pound.The fresh guacamole, salsa, and pico de gallo (also available  at the meat counter) are all superb, however there is only one heat rating for both the salsa and pico.  You get what you get, and you'll like it, gringo/a.The produce section has lots of items that would be hard to track down elsewhere, as well as reasonable to great prices on other more common items. On both visits the staff has been very friendly and helpful, and strongly urge others to visit and support them.  As an added bonus they do have a taco cart, but it wasn't open one either of my visits.  I guess I'll just have to go back...
Clean, nice and friendly with reasonable prices. Had a relaxing and beautiful pedicure, thank you!
A quick lunch Noticed BBQ with good ratings nearby so felt the need...haven't had decent BBQ in awhile. Service was great Small dining area (or felt small during lunch lol)Had the 2 meat meal. Brisket was delicious with good flavorTurkey was moist with good flavor (seldom can I find decent smoked turkey, a real treat)Mac n cheese was very good Beans were quite bland in my opinion. The little cornbread things (mini muffins) were dry but good flavor Nothing needed sauce.. to me that's a good sign. (Sauce is available )Big disappointment was the side cups and soda cups..styrofoam! Better options out there.
A good option for a quick and inexpensive meal. I had the chicken teriyaki and spicy chicken plate. It was a lot of food and came with veggies and brown rice. I signed up for their special offers club, so hoping to see some deals soon that will get me back here! I would highly recommend checking it out for a simple and cheap meal.
Nice new spot to eat and drink in Verdun! Great drinks (pomme sweet pomme is delicious, had to order more than one!) And great comfort food. Nice veal poutine, and the chicken and waffles were tasty too! Been back twice since it opened, would totally recommend!
Good food, very solid. Nice, dim interior would make for a great, cozy place to go in the winter. Macrons are buttery and unique. Not a great place from a parking stand point, but otherwise, very respectable indeed.
I love their food, specially the duck skewers. Their sashimi is probably one of the freshest I have tasted in Vegas. Hirame is a must try I would say!The only down side is that their drinks are pricey, but everything else is good!
Nice place but smaller and more intimate than Los Angeles location. Our server Rickey was Great!
While I was marking my Toronto itinerary, Allan Gardens kept coming up on places to do. Apparently this is Toronto's best kept secret and I could see why. I've been to a lot of conservatories and this one is up there. We were greeted by a staff member upon entering. The place is breath taking as I stepped foot inside. The dome glass ceiling brings so much sunlight into the place. We followed the path, one room lead into another and another. There is an outdoor vegetable garden, do not pick them! There are 2 cool looking sculptures with plants growing all over them outside. There's a small coy pond and another one filled with turtles. It's very calming and relaxing in here, you forget the crazy hustle and bustle going on outside. There are bathrooms here. AG is open 365 days a year from 10am to 5pm and the best part it's FREE! Beware of the all the homeless people hanging out in the park.
Delicious Italian food at a reasonable price. Our waiter was a little sarcastic, but his so-so attitude was made up for by the quality of the food. Recommended for casual, affordable (relatively speaking) Italian on the strip.
I believe the cover is $30 if you're on the list.We had a table and the table staff was very friendly.The club itself wasn't over crowded and the patio was great to chill at if needed.The music was also a little lower in volume than most clubs so it's def more of a lounge feel.I would come back here.
This place does an amazing job with Sns. This was my 2nd time there. I made an appointment the first time and was taken back at my appointment time. This last time I made an appointment and was seen 30 minutes after my scheduled appointment. I was a little irritated. I was there for a total of 2 hours; however, I would go back because I love the quality of work.
We opted to stop by for a sangria and glass of wine and I think we wished we ate here.  They have a beautiful street side patio (on a side street, so less traffic) and good service.The inside is pretty hip looking - dark walls/floors and red decor.  I can't rate the food, but we enjoyed our happy hour cocktail enough to consider giving this place a try next time we are in town.
Pork bone soup seemed to be the specialty here but I wanted to try something different so went for that sweet/spicy noodle dish with squid (cant remember the name! grrr...) and some chicken bulgogi. I was not disappointed with my choice and was quite happy to try something so interesting and tasty.With the Korean staff, customers, and kpop shows on tv, I have to deduce that they serve pretty authentic Korean cuisine. t I actually found the non stop boy and girl band performances quite entertaining making my meal a memorable one. Prices are pretty standard. around 10 bucks average per dish and you have the option to get bigger orders that serve 2-3 for $20. Not a bad deal at all. I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants Korean food.
Awesome location, beautiful room, and jets in the tub! The staff is very friendly. Free Wi-Fi. The only con was that when I stayed there was a LOT of construction in the neighborhood. I really can't add too much to the other reviews here - I highly recommend it for a romantic getaway to Montreal!
Normally I wouldn't write a review on a sandwich shop but the group of people working here deserve recognition. Always friendly, clean and consistent. Some of the best sandwiches I've had and they got eegees which is a plus!
Why don't more people hang out here? I'm yelping as I'm sitting by the DJ booth. Love the vibe, the music, but I wish at least few folks would groove on the "dance floor". This is a really good soul spot if you just want to do a couple of two steps and do a few spins. I will for sure be back.
Great beer, good food, but don't come hungry, you'll be disappointed. I ordered what I thought was a burger and assumed fries would come with it, but instead I got 3 sliders, and that's it.
Wow. Using the overused term "hidden gem" really doesn't do Alexander Michael's proper justice. This place is so tucked within Fourth Ward, you most likely wouldn't notice it even if you were to traipse the entire neighborhood. Which, in my opinion, really makes this place shine. There's no grandiose entry way or signage laid out in lights. Just an old house on the corner of 9th with low lighting and a cozy interior. HINT: If you've never been here, I'd recommend cutting all the way over to Graham St and then turning onto 9th. You can't turn down 9th from Tryon, as 9th is split into two sections and you won't be able to drive direct. Also, parking is sparse. Find a place around the neighborhood and walk a few blocks. There is plenty of residential 2hr parking on the streets. Sat at the bar and loved every creek and crack of the old floors and pillars. It's kind of tight quarters, but it gives it a cool pub feel. The taps coming directly out of the old cabinet style system is just gorgeous. Tons of local brews and some other fine beer choices were available. Didn't indulge as it was a 1pm lunch. I ended up order the london broil sandwich. Goodness gracious I'm glad I did, too. It was just right for lunch and paired with the pasta salad, you can't go wrong. Service is so friendly here. You really get the feeling that these people have been at it for a long time and keep it old school. If you haven't been or are on the fence, I highly recommend. Definitely one of the Uptown staples.
My only gripe was not the food at all but the amount of the food has decreased over the years since i first started going there. On the dish is use to be alot of food but the last few times i been there its very little and was ready to eat again in less then an hour later.
Not fancy decor-wise, but the service was great, it wasn't overly crowded and there were VEGETARIAN options. Hurrah! :)
FOOD:  overall tasty and fresh with most of the basic side dishes as standard.SERVICE:  is friendly and professional.  They check in fairly regularly and are responsive to requests.
This restaurant is fantastic, but nothing mind blowing. It has a menu comparable to legume in the sense that everything is made with the freshest seasonal ingredients.  However...I prefer legume. We started the dinner with 2 appetizers: - Spare ribs with BBQ sauce - Smoked tuna strawberry salad Both were delicious.  The spare ribs were meat falling off the bone tender and the sauce was bbq sauce but more refined.  The smoked tuna on the salad made the appetizer worth it. For my main course: - arctic char and scallops with couscous The arctic char was nothing special but the scallops were AMAZING, unquestionably FRESH. Best part of the meal hands down (too bad there were only 2 pieces).  A friend had the ribeye which was also very tasty. I definitely enjoyed my meal at avenue b, but with a meal that comes at a hefty price, I don't know if it's worth another trip =/ If I'm paying that much, the food BETTER be mind blowing.
Definitely a spot to check out when looking for a quality sandwich at a reasonable price.The shop staff are very friendly and more than willing to accommodate any request. Do yourself a favor and get one of the steak sandwiches off of the menu. They are amazing. The ultra is my favorite.Also the Cancun fries are awesome. 1 order is for sue big enough to serve 2 people maybe even 3! This is one of the Peppis that takes credit cards as well. Not all do FYI
This location mirrors the Tucson location! Same food, set up, and relish cart area. The grilled green onion bulbs are so soft and yummy! The variety of the salsas are great! The Sonoran dogs are authentic. No need to drive to rocky Point for my dogs anymore. I'm not a huge fan of their beans tho. The parking lot is small.
This was a wonderful little throw back!  Had seen the place in Family Circus cartoons and it was neat to go in and have ice cream.  Great menu with a lot of different things (not just ice cream).  Super pleasant staff and a cute atmosphere made this place a winner.  Left without finishing my ice cream and stuffed after we had lunch elsewhere.  It was an old fashioned ice cream parlor and was a pleasure.
Came here with husband and bonus daughter while on vacation. Love the texting when your table is ready concept. The shakes are very yummy and incredibly filling. I got the expresso one. my husband the caramel bourbon and the 8 year old got the Smores. The Smores one comes with a roasted marshmallow on top! You get your glass of shake with tons of think, almost Fluff-like whipped cream on top plus the metal container that the shake was made in with all the extra that wouldn't fit in the glass.My husband got the Farmer Browns' burger and enjoyed it.I got the Hot Chick sandwich and it was incredible! The perfect combination of flavors and amounts of sauce, cheese, etc. Chicken was perfectly seasoned and grilled. The Bonus Daughter got the grilled cheese and for an extra $1 (only homemade chips come with the sandwiches) got the fries. She did not care for the fries. The fries were a bit overly salted and also had pepper and I want to say rosemary on them. I loved them but did try to scrape off some salt.The waitstaff was very friendly and we got to eat in the outdoor covered area. Great spot. Wish we had something like it close to home.
I liked this place a lot They have a few duck dishes that I was very happy about. I want to try everything on the menuSo I'll definitely try to come back more often
This is probably the best Moe's in the area which explains why it's always busy and other ones are always empty.  The people are friendly here, they don't skimp on the burritos, and they have the freestyle Coke machine.  Their sanitation scores are typically far and above other Moe's in the area too.  It's not gourmet or authentic Mexican, but for $5 on Monday for a huge burrito, chips, and a drink, you can't go wrong.
Took us a minute to find it, but after some searching, we found it (located on the 10th floor of Venetian). Mrs. Ninja's favorite meal is breakfast so we had to try Bouchon. First, they served bread with butter and jam. Something about the butter was so good, like they were slaving away in the kitchen,churning butter. For our meal, she ordered the chicken and waffles, not as good as Roscoes, but still got the yes nod from her. I ordered the mussel in wine sauce w/ pomme frites (fries) and it was also very good. Mamosa (champagne w/ OJ) was good but I finished it in two large sips. Definitely worth checking out if you dont want to stuff yourself with the buffet or if you need something to deaden a small vegas hangover. 4 Hip to the Hops!
Cool interior with fun mix of draft beer, coffees, and I believe - full bar. Servers we're engaged and efficient. Loved option to eat/drink at the bar. Tho too hot to enjoy on this visit, looks like cute and accommodating outdoor dining available. Will return for the entertainment offerings!
Yes, this place can be pricey but it was a great stay in Montreal.  We paid ~ $750 for three week nights in October.  Location:  Fabulous because it was near the quaint old town area with plenty of areas to stroll through and pick up breakfast.  1 block away from the metro stop and about 3 blocks from China Town.  About 5 blocks from the water front and Archeology museum.  Service:  Very friendly and tried to be professional but some odd answers to my questions.   They seemed to always try to sell their own restaurant whenever we wanted suggestions from the concierge...even when we asked to find St.Viateur for their famous bagels.  I also tried to get a room with a good view - one of the customer service reps said she would try, since the rooms were not ready when we arrived.  But then another service rep looked at her and mumbled something in French... She then said that our room does have a good view and then within the same sentence, said that really, there were not good views in this hotel.  Then, our toilet had very low water pressure so I called the front desk who said they would relocate us to another room. 15 minutes later, after frantically packing our things, a guy comes up to the room and says no other rooms are available and they would fix it in the a.m.   "A" for effort but "C" for the odd answers and possibly... lack of experience? Rooms:  Loved the brick walls and hard wood floors INSIDE the rooms - a lot of personality with very high ceilings.  Big bathroom with full bath.  Good blow dryer in the room, iron and board, umbrella, robes, iphone/ipod dock on radio.  Bed was a bit firm for me (I am soft biased) but otherwise comfy.  Fitness room:  small but my husband said was good enough - had cardio machines and weights.  We received a free drink voucher for their restaurant upon checkin.  Our friends also stayed in the hotel and opted to buy package deal that included 4 free metro passes and coupons... not sure how much more they spent but they also got a bigger room.
Very nice eating environment and the food are quite nice. Very native Japanese style.
Saw Slipknot /Lamb of God/Bullet for my Valentine/ Motionless in White last night freaking amazing show! Parking was free and easy but we were an hour early. Security did good getting us thru...pat down and made us take all lids of water bottles. We were general admission lawn and lots of space to stretch out . Clearly there's gonna be pot smokers everywhere..we were fully surrounded and people never asked to put it out at any point. People were lighting up and roaming around with it in broad daylight.  This generation seems to have no fear of the law.  Guess they knew security wasnt going to be around. ..during the whole 5 hour experience we saw security just once escorting someone out and medics walked by twice. Good time good venue!
Surprise has needed a place like this for some time. Food was good, but the local beer and wine selection and ambiance made the entire experience fantastic. We'll be back many, many times!
McKenna Property Management are very professional, well responsive organization.After finding my townhome to rent on Zillow McKenna contacted me fairly promptly.When I need repairs McKenna again responds promptly. Their repair people are very professional, respectful of my home and my time. They work closely to schedule repairs on my behalf.
Very sweet romantic little corner restaurant with excellent service, food & ambiance. Would highly recommend for a nice romantic date or to have a quiet dinner with a friend with beautiful ambiance. We had a steak and fish and they were prepared deliciously and fresh. Prices were very good for such a high quality meal. The restaurant accommodates about 25-30 seated plus there is a small bar. This place could easily be rented out for an intimate gathering as well.
I get why it's highly rated.  I too recommend it.  The Thai is good (its at the same level of decent nyc Thai) and the seafood soup as well.   Service was very good, tho my pad Thai and soup came out at the same time (but that's not the reason for four stars - I sparingly give five stars).  Overall, good experience and I'll come back.
Great food the pho was very good, not too fatty and. Well spiced. The chicken salad was excellent, the dressing being just spicy enough.
Great restaurant in the Sheridan Square neighborhood!  We sat outside and enjoyed the beautiful night with misters.  The service was friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was nice and the food was good.  I started with the pork spring rolls and followed it with the lemongrass chicken.  Both were very fresh, flavorful and tasty!
This is a great authentic Thai restaurant. Papaya salad is fresh and delicious. Ask for a Thai ice tea, and add a little dark rum if you're up for it. The bartenders are very nice and accommodating, and they even gave us sips of extra drinks he was making without charge. As with all authentic Thai food, it is very spicy, but you are able to order it from 0 to 5 spice level so that you can get exactly what you want within your tastes.
A Yelp Talk query called my attention to the fact that I'd never posted a review, even though I've enjoyed this spot at Tivoli several times over the years. Yes, it is a Cigar Lounge, housing a large humidor with excellent stogies, but it is more, and worth exploring, even if you don't smoke cigars. Of course they have a wide selection of single malts, cognac and typical spirits which accompany puffing away; they also have a full bar. The decor is dark and rich, and seating is comfortable; very men's clubby feeling to me, in a good way. Staff has always been knowledgeable and welcoming, friends who dig cigars like the variety, and the live music we have caught at times added an extra cool vibe. A nice place to have a nightcap in Tivoli. * cigars to suit any taste or budget * ** nice selection of single malts, whiskey, cognac, and full bar ***** knowledgeable, friendly staff ******* live music some evenings ****
Mo-Mondays is what I mostly hit Moe's for but have been known to go other days too :). The rice bowls are really good and the portions are pretty equal to the price. Over all it is a real good place for a quick lunch and it is real close to my work so that's an added plus for me.
Located out in the sticks, you'll find an apple-fetishist's utopia, The Apple Factory!I've been familiar with this place since I was a kid, and used to LOVE taking the drive over there. The place is just so laid back, with the giant apple-shaped apple stand on the side of the building, which used to sell candy apples and apple cider, though I haven't seen it open in some time. Maybe I've just been arriving at the wrong time? There's also currently a petting zoo on the other side of the building, with a coin-operated machine that dispenses feed for the animals. Inside is your typical tiny grocery store/butcher. They do sell many specialty items that you may not find at a regular grocery store, along with pretty much anything Apple that you can think of. But all of that is foreplay to the main attraction: THE PIES. They have their own little pie patrol that bakes the freshest, most delicious homemade pies, I don't think I've ever bought one that wasn't 100% fresh and amazing. I've never really been a pie-guy, but this place is different. And if you don't want an entire pie, they also sell slices. Their strawberry rhubarb is amazing. I've never Jason Biggs'd a pie before, but the s.r. has definitely gotten a couple of suggestive glances from me.As for the service, the employees are always very sweet, helpful, and have been known to give out free apple cider at times.I also can't complete this review without mentioning the Apple band. That's right, a Chuck-E-Cheese-esque Apple band is occasionally available to play on their mini-stage...you just have to catch them at the right time. Those apple rock stars can be pretty big divas.
Just voted best community pool in Pittsburgh! You'll find the regular pool amenities: shallow and deep ends, lap lane, diving board and snack bar. They also have a slide, mushroom fountain, slide and ample "lawn" to sunbathe and relax.  The community "pooled" (ha ha!) together to raise money to repair and save.  The staff is friendly, helpful and keeps the pool in tip-top shape.
We went there fairly late in the evening, and the staff was fine with two of our party trickling in late.  The atmosphere is awesome, I'm not sure if they actually revamped an old theater or just faked it very well, but it's quite beautiful. Totally 'date worthy' surroundings.The 1st course salad bar had everything from heart of palm to pickled vegetables and cheeses, hot garlic mashed potatoes, wasabi potato salad, as well as the normal greens and veg. We were really happy with the meat course - 8 different offerings. The only one i was iffy on was the lamb, which in itself tasted good, but seemed more like it should be it's own dinner thing with some milder food to complement the heavy spicing. It didn't really go well with the other offerings. I love lamb, and wish they could have had something a little less wacky. The Parmesan pork was ok, not great - a little bland. The various beef cuts were amazing though, and I loved the garlic chicken. Our whole party pretty much burst into laughter at the waiter 's suggestion of dessert. Their poor pastry chef doesn't get much call for work, as I think most people do NOT save room for dessert. The on tap list was very nice, was pleased to see Crispen cider there (as I am not much of a beer drinker), and the wine list was quite large. Going to have to attempt a brunch sometime.
Las Vegas is a :"copy cat" city. If one show goes then all the hotels must have one like it. The tribute shows are making the rounds ( Elvis, Neil Diamond, "Ledgends") and this tribute show to the Beatles is one of the very best in Vegas. A real  benefit of this show is that the ticket prices are $40 -50.00. A great value when compared to other shows with ticket prices spiraling up towards $175 -200.00The show is presented in two parts, the first part is early Beatle tunes with the four dressed in the neru jackets. The second half is later beatles music with the Fab Four changing into Sgt. Pepper Lonely Hearts Club outfits. The final song is a solo rendition of John Lennons "Imagine."Great stuff, great music and a dynamic ending with "Imagine. "This show gets you singing along with all the songs you know by heart - and it does not take much imagination for you to close your eyes and swear that the real Beatles are performing right in front of you. They play their own instruments ( unlike the Monkees ) and have the songs down pat. They even look the part. Just really good stuff. Well, well done. I just wish it were a little longer. The time just rockets by.Try it - you'll like it ....
Coming from California, a land of a huge variety of authentic Asian cuisine, I wasn't expecting much of a Thai restaurant in this area. But I was proven wrong.They make some awesome curry! The menu looks great; real good variety of dishes.Overall, very impressed. And since I am now living in the area will definitely keep them in mind when I feel like eating some Thai food.
Marshalls always has good deals, but I hate that the store is very unorganized. I know the store employees can't keep up with all the jerks who pick something out and then leave it in a random spot. It seems that the Marshalls company runs with skeleton crews. It's hard to find help in store some times.
Amazing service and quickly completed! Other places make me wait over an hour for an oil change or request to keep it in for longer times. Must go, this place is in a slightly hidden location, which in a way is perfect in case you need speedy service!
It was my first time eating breakfast here and it was good. The croissant was just like the ones in Paris with a touch of sweetness on top. I had the croissant breakfast sandwich and it was good. The ham was not warm but it was tasty.  The mocha cafe was one of the best I had. I will be returning for more.
I decided to try this place based on the reviews. I had an appointment at 2 and had to wait until 2:30 to start which is fine because my nails ended up looking good. I was probably in the salon for 2 hrs and all I got was an acrylic fill so it felt a little slow. Also, it cost $50 which was more than I normally pay for that service. In the end, I love my nails but don't think I'll be back because I've been to other salons in Scottsdale that I like a little better.
Delicious! Great location! Awesome patio! Visited for the first time, after stumbling upon it as we were walking through cityscape and made the best choice by picking Chico Malo! We started with the Guacamole with the Pomegranate in it and it was AMAZING! It was very difficult to chose a drink off the menu because they all sounded great but I chose the Paraiso Tropical and it was to die for! The service was just ok. It wasn't terribly busy or anything either but what they lacked in service, they made up for in quality of food and great atmosphere! Definitely will be back!
This place was pretty clean. The service was pretty quick because the place was pretty empty. The large bowl WAS super huge. I couldn't finish the large. There was a nice chalk board to back to write a quote. They were playing some old school drake. I didn't know what radio station that was but that had some good Acai near by my casino from the Red Rock Casino.
Awesome store,  tons of stuff you haven't seen in years!!!! Great staff, fun trip down memory lane.  All of this and cheaper than Game stop.  Check em out!
Everything about this place is awesome... the ambiance, the wine selection, the food, and service... if u r looking for a perfect date....or trying to impress... brunch, lunch, or dinner... this is the spot
Kitchen items/appetizers now limited to 3 orders per person. It used to be unlimited, along with all the thinly sliced beef, pork, and sliced chicken, seafood (including crab legs and shrimp), veggies that you can DIY cook in the hot pot at your table.  But for what you are getting and what they are charging, it is still a good value proposition. Come on, for $20 a person without the hassle of getting all the ingredients yourself and the cleaning up afterwards, totally worth it! I first came to Shabu Grill all the way to this section of LV because of an UYE hosted by Debbie N.  The event was a resounding success, and we pretty much got to try as much of their menu as we were able to stuff down our faces.So when a guys night out event was recently organized at this very same location, it was a no brainer for me.  The food is still very good, the service was just as attentive, and the experience just as positive.  The restaurant even accommodated us with extra portable hot pot setups, so 2 instead of 4 or 5 people shared each hot pot.  It just worked out better for us.The main reason I like this place is the fact that everything for the shabu shabu portion of the dining experience is DIY, including getting the ingredients from the refrigerated cooler nearby.  I love the fact that I can get as little or as much of something, instead of being forced to finished big plates of one item before I can order more or something else.  The DIY sauce and condiments bar is pretty cool.  Not as extensive as comparable restaurants in SoCal, but you get to customize your dipping sauces as wonderfully or not so fantastically as your creativity and inner toque wearing chef would allow.  But it is pretty hard to score a TOTAL FAIL in this minor endeavor, so relax and just have a go at it.  The important thing is to have fun and enjoy this interactive meal solo, but preferably with a small group of friends.I would totally go back, especially when the weather is still very nippy in the evening.Note:  There is a "bar" in the front when you walk in, but they do NOT serve alcohol at this establishment.  But if you have room for some beer or other adult beverages, there is a PT in the same strip mall.Review #2 of 2014
Again only 4 stars cuz i havent tried the food yet but excellent martini lychées!! Excellent service...super chill ambiance despite being a bit more on the chic side...apparently they have a roof terrace so totally coming back here later in the summer to take advantage of that!
Love shake shack.  Came here the first day they opened and have been coming back since. To reviewers complaining about having to wait....you're lucky it's only an hour. Some locations are way more.  Also those complaining about costs, you're getting SOMETHING BETTER THAN MCDONALDS. Seriously.  Get the shack burger.   Skip the new bacon shackburger.  Any of the shakes are great.  Strawberry is my fave.
We ate here about a month ago, on a Friday night. Unfortunately, we had just missed their happy hour pricing. I'm not a sushi (or seafood) person so I tried to go in with an open mind since I was the only one in our group who didn't eat sushi. They all loved most of the choices of the rolls they got, the only exception was the appetizer that was ordered. For the price, it was NOT worth it! Was maybe 4 bites worth of food. There was one other sushi roll that wasn't worth the price but I do not remember which one it was. Other than those two things, the rolls were awesome and they almost couldn't finish everything. Since I don't eat seafood, I got the chicken katsu. I do believe that it was overpriced for what you got ($14 for 1 chicken breast, a little rice, soup, and a tiny salad) BUT, it was delicious! We are planning on going back to celebrate my husband's birthday there this weekend and I can't wait to order the katsu again and he's looking forward to the Vegas, Dragon, and Blue Flame rolls. Short version- good options if you don't eat seafood, awesome sushi rolls but go during happy hour, somewhat overpriced but not enough to keep us away for right now
We got the chicken club and the prime rib dip!!! French fries and side salad!! It was yummy!!!!!!:) Only problem was not a kids menu. They will make a few items for the kids!!! The chicken tenders... The kids did not like them... Not your normal kid friendly kid coating!!!
I've been here a few times before and thought it was decent. A friend is moving out of state and we were gathering for a good bye party for her. I worked a very long day but made a special effort to get to the party at OP. I did have my 2 yr old tot on my hip as I didn't get to see him since he woke up this morning and his bedtime wasn't far off, so I didn't want leave him with a sitter and therefore not see him at all. I wasn't planning on staying long. When I asked the hostess about the party that I knew was already seated, she informed me I couldn't go in since I had my son. She said they have a strict no one under 21 policy at all hours. I read a review from January that mentioned  kids, and they don't say that on their website, but ok. I explained the situation, and asked her if I might just visit the table to drop off the card and let my friend know that I couldn't stay. She said no. No offer to take the card in for me, no offer to let my friends know that I was outside and not allowed in, just simply no. And so, that will be my last visit there.Update: the GM reached out to my friend who booked the party, and then mailed me a personal letter of apology and a gift card. Went there after the first of the year, received great service, the food was wonderful. Nice change from the prior visit.
I have loved this place ever since it opened. I've never had a bad drink here, and I find it fascinating to watch the incredibly hipster staff make them with so much attention to detail. I love the way they serve you a glass of bubbly when you first get in.I also really enjoy the food - you should definitely consider ordering snacks to go with your cocktails! They rotate the menu so it's hard to keep up but everything has been delicious.What keeps me from giving it 5 stars? The prices. The price of even standard drinks (e.g. a gin and tonic) is a little high for my liking. I would come here all the time if it were just a tad less expensive! I still come here at least once a month because I just can't resist.
Stayed here again June 21-24. Elevators are fixed. Most rooms updated. I really like this hotel :)
Tried it for the first time, I got the 2 tenders with fries, came by fast. You dont order through a soeaker, someone comes out and takes your order. The girl who took my order was extremely nice. Everything was great! i will add, the tenders were a bit salty, but still good!
What a awesome meal! The chicken pastina was served hot and serving size was big, enough for 2 meals. The lasagne was a large portion and perfect temperature!! The atmosphere was not your every day restaurant, when we walked in there was fresh baked bread cooling on the tables! It was delicious!
This place is super nice and has a really cool trendy ambience, which is something you don't see often with Mexican restaurants. Came here with a big group friends and they were playing pretty loud Latin top 40 which was really fun for us but would maybe not be a great place for a date nightThe food and drinks were a bit pricey but the flavours were definitely there and from my little knowledge of Mexican cuisine it did seem pretty authentic! I got the stuffed pepper which was around 20$ I think but it was delicious and I would totally recommend it! All in all a really cool and authentic place that I would recommend
Great Italian sandwich, made to order! The milkshakes are fantastic as well! Excellent lunch and solid customer service. I'm a fan!
7-18-2015  I don't normally  write reviews for places that have been reviewed many times by others as I think it's redundant, but I recently ate lunch at Green Valley Ranch Buffet and was pleasantly surprised that the quality of the food was so much better than the other Station Casinos that I thought it deserved to be reviewed.  I visited on a Saturday and the Casino was very busy.  There was a line for the Buffet and it took about 20 minutes to get in.  I was seated and noticed that the chair was comfortable, something I hadn't noticed before.  I tried samples of various food.  The Chicken was cooked properly and had a good flavor.  The Mexican Rice was really good as was the taco meat, seasoned well and was tasty.  The BBQ sausage was good, and so were the BBQ Chicken Wings.  The BBQ Ribs were tender and tasty.  I had Apple Cobbler and Carrot Cake with frozen Vanilla Yogurt (Ice Cream?) on top.  The quality of everything I ate was better than what is served at other Station Casinos.  The service was good and my drink was filled as needed and dirty plates were removed in a timely manner.  The wait staff was busy but were friendly and asked me if I needed anything several times.  Sometimes it's the little things that make the difference or add to a pleasant dinning experience and I think GVR got it right this time.
New favorite brunch spot in Pitts! Notorious for a wait but great coffee nearby at Espresso a Mano and shops to explore while you wait. Ordered the Eggplant Benedict. Never seen this on a menu before and did not fail to impress. Crispy fried eggplant, poached egg with a pesto hollandaise sauce and roasted tomatoes. Extremely delicious and was worth the wait!
If you're ever in Phoenix for whatever reason, this is a must try.  I am a huge fan of pork so of course I got the pork belly ramen bowl and it was amazing!  However, my first choice would have been the duck curry bowl, but my stomach was at odds with me that evening. I must add everyone at our table felt the same way with their choices on the menu.  Didn't have a problem getting seated on a Saturday evening and we even sat outside with the heat but that was even a pleasant experience with the misters outside and no we didn't get doused with water;-)
OK, maybe my expectations were set very high because this is a celebrity chef owned restauant.  The food was good, but I was not "wowed".  I would give it another try because maybe what I ordered was not the best choice on the menu.  I will check back after I give it another try.
One of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte!  The live music is entertaining and the older crowd seems to enjoy dancing and drinking on Friday and Saturday Nights.  I was introduced to Mickey & Mooch during restaurant week a few years back.  I am heavily addicted to the wedge salad, filet mignon fondue and the crab cakes.
Great beer selection, friendly bartenders, fun trivia night, better-than-average bar food.This bar is located where I grew up in southeast Charlotte. I make it a point to stop in whenever I'm home. During the day you'll find families eating in the dining room and at night the typical crowd is local twenty/thirty-somethings. Not quite a dive bar, not quite a sports bar. There is generally live acoustic music on the weekends and trivia is every Tuesday. Trivia night really brings out the local characters and can get competitive. The first ones to the bar on gamedays get first pick of what games go the bigscreens in the bar, kinda cool. My only complaint is the location- I wish it were stand-alone and not in a stripmall. Try the fried pickles!
I've been here a number of times now and have been satisfied every time. I always get a custom salad, and they have pretty good choices for regular and premium add-ons. I usually get the spinach with black beans, red onion, red pepper, and mushrooms. I add avocado, and just get their house vinaigrette. It's nothing special, but the ingredients have always been (and tasted) fresh and crisp. They also give a very generous portion of avocado, which I really enjoy. It's nice to have this option around campus. Sure, there are some great restaurants around, but as far as fast food goes, nothing else very healthy is nearby. I'll be going back.
We came during happy hour 8-10pm on a Saturday.  Reviews are dead on for this place. Wait staff was a bit inattentive, but was nice and food was served fast.  Four stars because the food was excellent!  It was also inexpensive. We had a salad and four different rolls.  The bill was $26!!!   All the rolls were beyond our expectations and when the bill came we could jump for joy!  This place is definitely worth checking out.  Cravable sushi.  I recommend the kodiak roll (that rocked), an el pollo roll-- also yummy!!
Visited during that shoulder time of the day between lunch and happy hour.  Seated outside on a wonderful sunny day. Immediately given chips and salsa. Nice thick, rich salsa and not pico  de gallo like some restaurants serve. Ordered a carne asada burrito enchilada style.  Very tasty and huge. Great layering of flavors. Black beans were just how I would make them, so it's a winner too. So why only four stars? The food could have been warmer when served. I'd come back
Very clean, fast service, friendly staff. Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered.
Tough menu.  A lot of choices, so I was vacillating a lot.  I finally decided on the Ahi Tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries.  I also ordered the beet salad just to try it.  I liked everything.  Including the onion rings the hubbie ordered.  This would be the place I would go for onion rings.  Very tasty.We sat outside. Not sure if it would be enjoyable in summer, but mid-Feb, with it finally hitting the upper 70s, it was wonderful.  Several people were there w/ dogs because it is really a picnic area.We will go back.  I want to try the ahi salad...maybe stick w/ the ahi sandwich.  I think it will be the way to go when I'm craving a burger.W/o a doubt, if you go, you HAVE to check out the bathrooms.
The neighbourhood needed a place like this! It's a little piece of King West transplanted at College and Yonge. Above Toronto's landmark breakfast place Fran's, Screen Lounge is a 2-level resto-lounge - I can see hanging out in the sleek indoor bar area this winter, but during this extremely hot summer, it's the roof-top patio all the way. It's got a huge outdoor seating area, comfortable and modern red-and-black-cushioned patio furniture and back-lit bar that looks very Miami as the sun goes down. The chill-out music sounding from the speakers adds to that 'sit-here-and-chillax-for-as-long-as-you-want' vibe.Prices are a bit steep for this area (like I said, think King West!) but the staff is super-attentive and the food portions are a good size.  They've got some creative sushi rolls (try the Canadian, wrapped in bacon) and tasty tempura appetizers. It would be great if you could order Fran's brunch on the rooftop patio on a Saturday or Sunday morning...I hope that is in the works!The lounge is pretty new, so it was quiet, but I can see it picking up once word gets around. The place is called Screen Lounge because at dusk, they screen old black and white movies on the patio - complete with old fashioned popcorn machine, should you get a craving.
Imagine a dreamy, Anthropologie-feeling store filled with dried flowers -- and that would be Roxanne's! I love wandering through this beautifully filled and merchandised space. They carry dried flowers, candles, lighting, and garden decor. Sadly, the reason I can only give this store four stores is because it is very pricey... Perfect place to ask for a Christmas present from!
This is our go-to place for lunch and just a friendly atmosphere. Very consistent food. Always good.
On every Las Vegan's "Off-the-Strip-Dining" list probably lies Marche Bacchus, a charming bistro and wine market overlooking a peaceful lake away from the main strip.  The diverse French cuisine will appeal to Francophiles, and the comprehensive wine selection will appeal will oenophiles.The French have always done brunch well (partially due to their social belief that drinking after 12 pm is acceptable, even admirable).  Marche Bacchus is my favorite place to go in Vegas for a brunch that makes me forget I live in the Mojave dessert.  Also, the restaurant offers both their brunch and lunch menu at this time, which offer many more authentic choices than just their dinner menu.If it's spring in Vegas, I order the Moules Frites, mussels in white wine butter sauce with crusty baguette, a light and delicious classic that Marche does well; don't forget the Mimosa.  If it's summer, I order the lobster avocado croissant, pair it with a Riesling from the market; the sweetness of the Riesling highlights the lobster and brings out the richness of the avocado.  If it's fall, I order the duck confit & fettucini pasta, it's a calorie splurge but completely worth it.  And if it's winter, I get the Les Oeufs En Meurette, three perfect poached eggs in hearty red wine sauce with ham and mushrooms; it's a dish that warms your stomach, and your heart; break some rules and order a glass of Cotes Du Rhone with it: red wine works for daytime when it's Vegas harsh dry winter.Dessert is their weakness.  I haven't fallen in love with any Marche Bacchus sweets; although I daydream about imported truffles from La Maison Du Chocolat or Patrick Roger whenever I visit.
The food here is pricey, but well worth it. The sides are served family style so you may only need two or three for the whole table. The steaks are perfectly cooked and the cuts of meat are the best of quality.This particular location offers a cool area to sit in if you are fortunate enough to be seated there. It is a pod-like structure that is in the middle of the hotel atrium. It feels very cool and adds to the experience.If you are looking to go big, this is a great place to do it!
The Peoria Red Robin is super convenient for the avid movie goer since it's located right across the street from the best movie theater. The service is fast and friendly and the atmosphere is casual and modern. We have been coming to Red Robin for years and I will say I miss their old decor of old movie posters and random nostalgic trinkets from years past. The seats are comfy and the booths are roomy (fluffy friendly). And each table is equipped with a tablet that lets you order drinks, appetizers, desserts, and your meal (or you could just wait for your server but it is a time saving tool for sure)- and pay. The food is hot and fresh! You can customize your burger order with a variety of buns which is a plus and they offer bottomless fries AND broccoli. Kinda nice that they offer healthier options but I'll stick with the steak fries. Be sure to sprinkle the table-side seasoning on your fries too for the extra kick in flavor. And did I mention there is a full bar here too? Let's also not forget about bottomless root beer floats! Yes, you read that right - bottomless. Root. Beer. Floats.
I am a huge Bobby Flay fan and was so happy to finally try his food firsthand.  At first, I was really turned off by the "tex-mex" concept and even the name "Mesa Grill" didn't sound too appetizing, but we took a risk... and Bobby delivered.  We came here for my husband's 27th birthday and he had a wonderful time.SERVICE: 5 Solid Stars!  The hostesses sat our party right away even though not everyone was there.  We were immediately served water and asked if we wanted any cocktails.  I really loved our waiter.  He wasn't just polite and attentive, but he was also engaging us in wonderful conversation throughout our meal.  He talked to us about how long he had been working there, and what Bobby's like... and he knew the menu like the back of his hand.  It was like having a new friend dine with us throughout the duration of our meal.  I wish I caught his name so I can give him props!FOOD:Bread Basket - 2 stars.  They start you off with a variety of breads.  There was a jalapeno one, another one with some blue corn in it, and a third one that I can't recall.  All were very unique, but unfortunately, I wasn't a fan.  I didn't think the bread was very soft or moist, and the flavors didn't do it for me.  Kudos for thinking outside the box though.  The butter also wasn't the soft, spreadable kind.Blue Corn Pancake - 5 stars.  This appetizer came highly recommended by our server.  There was barbecued duck inside pancake (like a glorified taco), and a habanero chili star-anise sauce drizzled all over it.  The flavors all worked so well together to deliver an explosion of flavors in my mouth.Spanish Chorizo Quesadilla - 4 stars.  This was larger than expected!  It is pretty filling and could easily be substituted for a meal as a filler.  Or you can split this between 2-3 people and share it as an appetizer.  It's a pretty heavy dish and hard to eat too much of.  There's a large fried egg on top of a tortilla.  Embedded in the tortilla is smoked tomato salsa, grilled green onion, and crispy artichokes.  For our entree, my husband and I shared the New Mexican Spice-Rubbed Pork Tenderloin even though I was realllly eyeing the 22 ounce bone-in Ribeye.  The waiter said the pork tenderloin was their signature dish so that's why we ordered it even though I'm not a huge fan of pork.  It wasn't until the dish arrived that we were convinced we had made the right choice!!  WOW, that was one tender, delicious, savory, melt-in-your-mouth piece of meat.  The spice rub added a bit of heat, and I can easily say this is the best piece of pork I've ever been served.  It came with a side of the most amazing tamale.  I can't even begin to describe how good it was.  You just have to try it.  5 Stars for this entire dish!!!I sampled some of the other dishes from my friends, but the pork dish was the definite standout.  My friend ordered the lamb chops, but they tasted a bit gamey and weren't as tender as they could've been.  The pan seared Halibut was tender and flaky paired with a lovely curry spice reduction.  I'd give both these dishes 4 stars.  All in all a wonderful experience.  Glad I finally got to try one of Bobby's restaurants!
Wow  wow wow. Great ice-cream and pure fun to eat.   Our group ordered the following combos1. Cookies and cream cookies with strawberry cheesecake ice cream with hot fudge on top2. Peanut butter cookie and white chocolate macadamia nut with butter pecan and Heath bar bits3. Chocolate chip cookie white chocolate macadamia nut salted caramel fudge ice cream with Heath bar piecesThe ice cream is rich and thick.  The cookies are satisfactory. The chocolate chip was similar to a basic  Toll House recipe. Which I find rather boring   The blandness of that type of cookie is a good platform for the ice cream The strawberry cheesecake ice cream had chunks of strawberry cheesecake in it. The taste was excellent The butter pecan was lacking in flavour ..... Would give that flavour a miss next timeThe real winner was the salted caramel fudge ice cream. The caramel was so warm and inviting and then the super huge chunks of fudge were amazing. The heath bar tipping added that extra toffee taste the was "the icing on the cake"The fudge on the strawberry cheesecake combo didn't add much to the dessert. Also made it near impossible to pick up. Although ordered on the side (if possible ) and dunking the cookie ice cream creation sounds rather like a good option. The servings are really generous and the three of us left with a sugar overlaid. Next time I am going to share one
Travel to CLT a lot but this was the first time trying PZA. Missed dinner tue to delayed flights, and missed breakfast due to early flight out. Great breakfast pizza! Did the job.
How cute is this little chocolate store :) inside the Golden Nugget, it's open until pretty late. Tried the gourmet white chocolate with nuts Apple candy...mmmm!!They also have ice cream, bonbons, liquor infused chocolates, toffee and pre packaged candies. Small little store but will fix your cravings in big ways.
Clean, friendly and very user friendly. Close to Wonderland and a great choice of fun for a rainy day. Reasonably priced and food available for purchase. They are generous with portions as well. Shoes are typical and very used as expected. Bring your own socks!!!! Sensors for lanes actually work! Don't pass the line:)
Mesa Grill is good, solid food.  The prices are pretty outrageous at dinner, but brunch/lunch are very reasonable. The mesa burger is great. Also had the Pork Tenderloin which was really solid (should have been at $45+).  Margaritas are EXCELLENT and its a good place to get a primer into Tequila options.  I love the bread basket they bring....really really good.
Great find right in the Lakes area. Much smaller than anticipated, but that didn't affect our visit. The place is physically split in half; one side is the bar, the other is the dining room. For the happy hour specials, you'll need to be in the dining room. We went on a Saturday around 6 and it was pretty busy in the dining room. The bar not so much. Service was prompt and friendly, food order was taken quickly and food delivered on point. Wife had the prime rib - very good, plenty of food for 14.99! I had the prime rib dip sandwich, tasty as well. Definitely will be back, especially for breakfast.
Any place that has jars of candies lined along the ceiling is your first clue that I'll love it. Second clue? The fact that ALL they serve is dessert. This Marble Slab Creamery is tucked away in the corner at the food court inside Market Mall. It's hard to miss however because when you step into the vicinity, all you can smell is the sweet scent of waffle cones. And considering you can smell THAT in the middle of a food court - that's pretty damn good!Their ice cream is made daily in-store and they definitely hold true to their slogan: "The Freshest Ice Cream On Earth".Marble Slab has an insane amount of flavours. Everything from Vanilla Cinnamon to Cotton Candy. And of course to celebrate the holidays, they also have Egg Nog and Pumpkin Flavours. Oh, and did I mention that you get to choose mixins?!?!? So not ONLY do you get to pick the flavour of ice cream you want, but you get to pick the mixins you want mixed in. We're talkin anything from chocolate bar pieces, to fresh fruit. So it's basically like a blizzard or a Yogen Fruz but in a cone, and with the freshest, most delicious ice cream you can imagine. Once you've picked your ice cream flavour and your mixins, they mash everything up right in front of you on a frozen counter. Then once it's all perfectly mixed, they scoop it into a cone (or a cup of you prefer) and you're good to go.I haven't even mentioned yet that they also sell cakes, take-home pints, shakes, floats, smoothies and frozen yogurt.I know, RIGHT?!?!??!If you hadn't guessed it already, I'm definitely a fan. In fact, it's 'Ice Cream Break' time! See ya there!
Ok, I'm being generous  here and giving 4 stars, I really should give 3 and a 1/2, Here goes...I'm an LA resident and over the Summer I work in Vegas, this weekend I'm not going home, I'm traveling East to a family reunion so I wanted to get a Mani-Pedi before I go...this place is within walking distance and open late so I decided to give them a shot. The young lady who did my pedicure was very sweet, attentive and friendly. However, I was supposed to get a manicure as well and what I got was, well...half of that.(hence the 1/2 star) while getting my pedicure, another young lady came over and grabbed my hand and pulled out the small shelf. Then she put my hand down and walked away for maybe 6 or 7 minutes. She returned with a nail file and I jokingly said "oh I thought you forgot about me"...(the look she gave me let me know that she didn't get the joke). She proceeds to file my pinky nail then her friend walks in and she runs to hug her and never returns. My pedicure and massage are done to perfection and I am assisted to the table to get my nails done by a different nail tech who just came in the door for her shift. I assume she will perform the "actual" manicure, She doesn't. No massage no cuticle oil no trimming or pushing back of cuticles...I had decided to try the SNS dipping powder and she just jumped right in, proceeded to file my nails and apply the powder. She was very nice as well and very funny as was Danny who was beside us performing color application on another client. The nail tech finished my SNS but the top coat was taking too long to dry and was dull looking. Danny ended up fanning my nails by hand to help them dry then finally had the first girl (who walked away from me) to remove the top coat and apply a gel coat instead and use the UV light to dry it. All in All The finished product looks pretty good, however I've determined that I am not a fan of the SNS powder as it looks thick on my natural nails as if I have chunky acrylic nails and I've never been a fan of those...not their fault, just not my cup of tea but for $70 (plus $15 tip) I should have gotten a complete Manicure. I think next time I'll get my nails done while at home over the weekend, save myself some $$ and get full services.
This little place is so cute! i honestly loved the intimate/ family owned atmosphere. Its Quiet and the service is great. The chef is really nice too.I only came in here for a fast fix so i only tried their kiss of fire roll, another roll which i dont remember the name of and some garlic edamame..The kiss of fire is absolutely amazing!! it super spicy though but it doesnt take away from the flavors i am definitely coming back for this roll.The second roll was good too but it was really limey and im not into that too much but still very delicious! their tuna is greatOnly thing is that i probably wouldnt do AYCE here because i didnt see alot of variety for my taste.. but they do have 50% off any roll when you do a la carte dine-in which i think is great
First of all, this is a budget hotel currently under renovation.  Therefore all the mediocre reviews below should take into account that this property is in transition.  I first stayed here back in the 80's and gradually watched it deteriorate.  So its current condition is great in comparison.   The rooms no longer look like photos 11 and 12 posted above. The rest are up to date.* Positives:  Flat screen TV's on wood laminate TV walls, furniture has been updated since the photos posted, IKEA lighting, temperature controls in each room (but older units), very clean and loved the wood flooring over nasty hotel carpeting.  The current internet rate is $72/night.  How can you beat that in a central Toronto location? I like that you need to use your room key to move the elevator. This stops strangers from accessing the upper floors as the desk can't see the elevators.  There is a security guard on at night.  A concierge will also be located in the lobby in the future. * Negatives:  The awful drapery and the bathroom still needs some improvement.  The room is small but no different than any other budget hotel.  The lobby and restaurant are being renovated so you have to deal with that.  Paying $10 a day for wireless is a bit too much.I would stay here again.  Another plus, the Airport Express bus stops right at the door taking you to Pearson aiport for $20 (or $18 online).
Staff/family are soooooo nice and pleasant every time I've been here.Donuts actually only get 3 Stars.....while they are awesomely fresh, there's not a lot of variety with the donut itself or the icing. I'm also comparing this to Jack Frost donuts which sets the bar really high. Pricing is fair and place is clean.My favorite donut is the cinnamon & sugar.
Love the chile relleno, get it with the ranchero sauce on the side so you can enjoy the crispy relleno and still get the tasty ranchero sauce.  The nachos serving was so huge, my kids shared it and still brought some home.  Super friendly service.
Very tasty panini and crisp salads with fresh ingredients in a lovely though crowded and noisy setting. We split the Pomme - bacon, cheddar, apple slices with vinaigrette. It was delightful!! Wait staff was helpful and pleasant - until the end. We were unaware that we were not supposed to leave the table to go to the bakery shelf and order some take out. We were scolded a bit - which was fine but rather silly. I mean it's more money in the bank and there was no signage or warning we'd be breaking an unspoken law! Any way - the almond croissant and banana chocolate brioche was little better than average and tasted a day or so old. So, maybe skip that part!
I had the absolute stress. The sunshine Sangaria is awesome!!!!! I would definitely recommend this place.
I had the grass jelly milk tea and it was pretty decent. Milky, cold, and the sweetness level is customizable for individual preferences. The wifi here is also surprisingly good too!
A great new addition to the DeMarco family of ventures.  This was a pre-opening tasting, so they're still working on all of the fine points.  Nonetheless, it is a terrific spot.  The structure itself is very appealing, as they restored a 1940's-era building and exposed its beautiful brickwork, which is complimented with a stained concrete floor.  The bar is a proper one with a wide array of liquors and fairly ample seating for the size of the space.  The patio definitely will be the preferred seating choice so long as the weather cooperates.  We tried macaroni and cheese as well as the cole slaw starters; for $3 each, you could make a delicious, reasonably-priced meal from a collection of the starters.  The double dip starter (cobb dip and posole salsa with chips) was very good, though I almost preferred the dip and salsa without the chips because they're so flavorful.  The mixed grain salad was a good choice, too, though I might try to find something other than the orange vinagrette to put on it.  The wine on tap was tasty, and they'll also have a small list of about 8 bottles.  Again, the official opening isn't until the 25th, so they're still honing the fine edges.  In any event, we'll be there far too often for our own good!
Before deciding to make a long overdue trip to White Oaks, I was under the impression I was making a mercy mission to save this prohibition era speakeasy given the probable dominance by Crocker Park and sprawl to Avon Lake.  Boy was I mistaken.  The parking lot was jammed and therefore forced to eat in the lounge without a reservation.  In the end, probably a better choice.  The lounge, though seperate, actually shares the main dining room's huge picture window view of the heavily forested ravine and Cahoon Creek.  The rustic decorating and dark tones with a glowing fireplace makes you think you might be in a roaring 20's hideaway.  The bartender was a pro - courteous, efficient, "healthy" drink pourer.  The lounge menu struck us as pricey at first but fears were quelled when our neighbor's order arrived.  We opted for the steak sandwiches which came with potato or salad. Prepared perfectly and just enough to satisfy. We felt very good about our choices all around.  I was taken by the sheer number of people and traffic when compared to the prices, Cleveland economy and aforementioned new options.  It looks like White Oaks has not changed, serving excellent food and taking caring of its customers.  Definitely worth a re-review upon eating in the main dining room.
Very Modern hotel and easy access to conference center. I enjoyed the one night I stayed there for an event. The staff was good and they were very attentive with my requests. The restaurant is ok and the iCafe is good.
Exceeded my expectations. Rooms were well kept and clean.  Very spacious. Great if you have kids.
I really like the atmosphere of this restaurant/brew pub.  The beer selection is pretty good here if you want to try different beers, and their food is pretty good.  I came here for brunch which was average, but I really enjoyed the pizza I ordered on a different occasion.  I would recommend this place as a nice spot to go for dinner.
The restaurant is open and well laid out. The staff are friendly and quick. The menu is packed with the comfort foods.
Nice place for kids to play at the castle and have a picnic.  It has a restroom and walking trail.  Great that the community put it together and it's free.
This place is good. I haven't actually been to the restaurant, but had the food delivered to our hotel. Me and my friends had just got done clubbing at XS and it was around 1am (my friend was really drunk lol) so I told them about Krung Siam because I had them deliver food before and it was good. We ordered food and by the time we got back to our hotel, we only had to wait a few mins and the guy was there with the food. The food is good and they deliver so yeah i was happy lol.
I was so excited for this to open and was hesitant after reading some reviews but I finally went and loved it!  I think there are some issues because it is new, it is popular, and it gets crazy on Fridays and Saturdays. I went on Sunday and still had to wait in a line but it went quickly and wasn't and issue. I think in time it will get more efficient on busy days. Service was great, our food was surprisingly good, beer was tasty, and the place is just fun!  Definitely feels like Oktoberfest with the great German band they had playing. I look forward to coming back in the summer when the outside area is all open.  If you can, check out the Hermit Club portion of the complex. A very cool historic building that fits perfectly with the Hofbrauhaus!
lots of selection, decent service, cold beverages.  Whats not to like.  I had the teriyaki wings and my guest had the medium bbq, and we shared some fries, veggies & dip.  Wings were awesome, fries were OK, veggies were OK.  But its not called wild fries and veggies for a reason i suppose.
As others have indicated, perhaps this store could have done a better job coming up with their name, as they are much more than a wine store.  I didn't know that for a long time and I'm disappointed that I spent so much money buying my liquor at supermarkets.  Now that I've discovered Total Wine it is pretty much my sole stop for not only wine but beer (I am incredibly non-loyal to beer brands, I like to try new beers from all of the world).  I also stock up on my hard alcohol at Total Wine and have recently discovered they have a decent selection of cigars.The store is pleasant, with kind of a woodsy warehouse feeling to it.  Most of the staff are knowledgeable and pleasant.  The prices across the board are reasonable.  They have long hours and tons of parking.  Maybe the only slight downside is they chose to locate in Desert Ridge, which is not a mall that is easy to just pop in to.  I think Desert Ridge is more suited to stores like Target, to the movie theaters, and to the food court than to a food/liquor store that I might want to go to for one or two items every few days.
I've been going to Jordan's since I was a kid.  The food is consistent and good, and the staff treats you like you're family.  It's a very relaxing neighborhood restaurant and a great value!
Asked my manicurist twice to round out my nails, twice to make them even lengths, heck she even tried to pretend not to notice that she was missing 1/2 cm off the side of one of the nails (that one I refused to let slide). All in all, my nails look ok, but after spending a frustrating hour and a half having to repeat (with photo) of short acrylic nails, I left feeling flustered, and that's the third time in a row. It's a cheap place to get your nails done but if you're the kind of person who pays particular attention to detail, beware. I leave the 4 stars because they'll correct it if you point it out to the manager, but I don't like the fact that I would have to. None else will ever notice, but my left thumb nail sticks out 2-3 times further from my fingers edge than my right, and I shouldn't leave the salon to go home and fix my own nails.
First timers here! Super friendly staff, ordered a Rebel, Freeze and Birthday cake. Great drinks!
This place really does it right. They have a small but focused menu, and the food is pretty basic: burgers, wings, pizza, and a few sides. But you can tell that they do everything from scratch and the quality is outstanding. I dare say the burger is better than Fatheads right down the street (also a great burger). Highly recommended!
We have visited this location about 5 times. Most recently right before closing. The food was hot and fresh like always. Good burgers for a good price. The milkshakes, in our opinion, are not very good.
The food wasn't bad. We had pizza, ribs, and fried chicken. We are in town for an event and found them on Restaurant.com. Our server Melissa was awesome. Very friendly and attentive. I hope to come back.
We were one of the first into the restaurant, a large group of about 15 on a Friday night. Food was hot, delicious and constant and service was great! Favourites included: garlic sirloin, signature steak, cornbread and of course the pineapple! Several times during the meal they checked to see if there was anything we wanted more of.Live music was a nice treat.We were reminded two hours after arriving that it was time to leave due to the time limit.
Better and better needn't get any better. I was once drawn in by the specials in the window, until I realized that all of the prices were just that low. It is a quiet, reliable, and friendly spot to grab a bagel sandwich or a banana muffin and coffee in the morning. If you come to study there is ample space and the music is not obtrusive. Parents can feel free to bring their toddlers here to sit a spell because its clean, cheap, healthy, and the environment is unpretentious. A great place to patronize-the owner is an asset to the Korea Town community.
As someone who doesn't like the taste of salad (generally), but who isn't anti-vegetable by any means, I gave their signature Stetson chopped salad a try, and I'm a convert--so, so good!  The salad has a lot of elements to it, which give it great texture and keeps it from getting monotonous, as each bite is a little different in flavor but still cohesive.  My husband really enjoyed the burger he got at lunch time (we didn't see it at dinner time).  It had a lot of good flavors going on and was cooked well.  It was also a massive portion!  We've tried their truffle macaroni and cheese, which my husband said was decent, but I didn't love; too bland, no truffle taste at all, and too loose for my taste.
Ended up eating here on 3 occasions while at the GVR. This is a small space, with only a few tables, but plenty of seating at the sushi bar. Lots of creative and traditional rolls on the menu. I pretty good selection of nigiri, and a nice variety of sake. My favorite was Sparkling Blueberry Sake, very refreshing and you can taste the berry flavor.They offer an all-you-can eat option from 5-7 pm for $28.95. This is a very cost effective way to go when you are hungry and the all-you-can eat menu has almost everything on it. Beware, they will always serve rolls first to fill you up, so if you order nigiri make sure to specifically ask to have it brought out first.P.S. You have to try the steamed chicken dumplings off the fresh sheet.
Had early Friday night pre-theater dinner here. Once we got a waiter's attention the service was very good. Attentive with good suggestions but not intrusive. Casual open air atmosphere, causal but lively ambience, perfect for dinner with friends. My wife & her friend enjoyed a "prickly pear margarita" not too sweet very tasty!  Excellent food overall chips and salsa were fresh. Guac was tasty & paired well with the chips. We had 3 dishes perfect for sharing. Mexican street corn nicely spiced a bit messy but worth it. Nice fresh updated take on classic fare. Will certainly go back!
I recently ordered here for the first time and they are pretty good and I will be ordering form them again! I was really happy with the menu which offered pastas and salads. I usually order from Pizza Hut so it was nice to have other things on the menu. I ordered the chicken parm with spaghetti and it was pretty good. I also ordered a cobb salad, also good (get extra dressing). I have been eating those 2 things for 3 days! The portions are BIG! Anyway, overall 4stars for this pizzeria :)
I haven't tried anything but the El Jefe burrito which is often except for this last time they forgot the chorizo and the salsa but I called back and Travis was nice enough to give us another burrito he explained they we're very busy that morning with a huge order and could have gotten mixed up. I still love this place and just because Travis was so nice I will keep coming back.
I came here for a birthday dinner and man is this a cool place with It's a lively yet intimate setting. The loud Japanese greeting as you're seated helps build the setting of the place. They had Ultraman playing in the background, I mean for people who know what it is how cool is that?The service came quick and the food started coming fast. I strongly recommend the following items:Hamachi Carpaccio: A well balanced fish dish, with a hint of citrus flavour. It delivered an amazing Japanese and south american fusion flavour that you need to try!Beef tongue on hot stone: the thinly sliced tongue is cooked on a hot stone. The thin meat just melts in your mouth flavour with a citrus punch. Watching it cook on the stone was entertaining to watch as well!If you haven't gone here yet, book your reservation and go!
My review is of a particular line of products carried by Home Depot, rather than of this great monstrosity of a store itself. I am in love with Eco Mist products -- I interviewed the founder of this company for an article I was writing -- and then rushed over to HD to try the products for myself. They are scent free, all natural, non-toxic cleaning solutions that leave your countertops shiny clean without any chemicals! I'm in the process of switching over all my cleaning products to environmentally-friendly alternatives and I'm planning to stock up on Eco Mist!
This was my third trip to GHT. I'd put GHT in the category of "Very Good" restaurants.  I enjoy the food and beverages, but they're not mind blowing / life changing.  Even the more challenging dining options are just on the tip of being amazing, but it's just not quite there.  I'm still very big on GHT. It's a place that must be visited. I'm continually impressed by the smaller plates over the mains.  Things like the Brussels Sprouts, confit wings,  and  Animal Frites are really solid and flavorful. My favorite visit has included the rooftop bar, (on those few sunny Cleveland summer days), with drafts and some of the best fried chicken in Cleveland.
Consistently good, as the Keg tends to be.Highlights: great lunchtime filet and side vegetables; great service that checked in with just the right frequency; bowls and bowls of those great chocolate mints scattered throughout the restaurant so that you can pocket a few extra ;) directly across from the south entrance/exit of the Eglinton TTC stop.Medium: parking available underground, but it was a bit expensive; side caesar wasn't served a lemon wedge.Low: opens exactly at 11:30 am, or shortly after, so if you arrive a bit early be prepared to wait outside and not in the lounge.
Very good food & service on our visit.  It's a little pricey, but for quality Chicago deep dish pizza, I don't mind blowing some coin!  I would recommend giving this place a try!
Dim sum - Excellent choice, fresh ingredients. Be adventurous, try the rice noodle - beef, pork, or shrimp. The coconut bun is stab-your-neighbor good. Good price as well. The staff is hit or miss, friendly one visit, rude the next. I do not always care about that, though, as long as the food is good.Menu - Noodles are great. House chow fun with gravy and e-fu noodle are great. Otherwise, go wild. Pick your favorite choice and then try everything around it for fun.(5 stars on good staff days. 3 stars on really bad staff days. Average is 4 stars)
I always come here for the Hainanese chicken. Vietnamese noodles isn't authentic. I wish they will have more selections on appetizers. This place can get very busy during lunch time but you won't have to wait for too long. Decent food and service! Good price
I always like to find a juice place as soon as I get somewhere new.There isn't a huge selection of juices here but the thing that really sold me on these guys is how good their acai bowls are. Everything is just SUPER fresh and tasty, it actually feels good going down and you can change up the toppings too! I haven't tried the cold pressed juices here yet but the fresh juices are great too!
FYI: This isn't like a super helpful tip but they give you these tiny hard candies with your check that I found were adorable lol.Yes...I saw this place on a video on Facebook, and yes the necessity of me going here was urgent. Like life or death people.WHAT I GOT: Cheese ribsPROS: Repeat after me. You can NEVER go wrong with meat and cheese. EVER. And my goodness, James Cheese Back Ribs is winning the restaurant game. You get a pool of gooey cheese that the server wraps around each rib along with extra corn, two different mashes (sweet potato and regular potato), mini sausages, and scrambled eggs. The ribs themselves were coated in this beautiful and super flavorful sauce, and the meat was super tender as well. Literally fell off the bone with one bite. They also give you scissors and some plastic gloves to keep your hands clean, along with the option to choose the heat level of your ribs. We went with mild, which honestly is not spicy at all, so if you're looking for even a little bit of a kick, I would suggest the regular spicy option.CONS: Ok well the price is pretty hefty. Not gonna lie. And the sides aren't exactly the most tasty things ever but combined with the cheese, usually anything will taste good. But be warned, the server will turn off the gas stove that melts the cheese once all the ribs are wrapped so the cheese will start to get hard again. If you wanna dip your sides, eat those first. And the ribs are a bit on the small side so this meal won't actually fill you up, if that's what you're looking for.
I was on a road trip and stopped in Phoenix for a night.   A local resident told us about this coffee shop so went there. Had a great experience.  I like independent coffee shops and a great ambience.Great decaf soy latte (w/honey)Clean bathroomGood musicGreat seating/deco.It was just chill environment.  I loved this place and would recommend people visit and enjoy awesome lattes.  I didn't try all the pasteries but chocolate croissant was pretty awesome with moist chocolate.Thank you for great service you guys.
Who doesn't like good BBQ?  I ask you?  Good, though...like so many things in Champaign, I found the ooohing and ahhing pretty over-rated.  It's good food, no doubts, and their burnt ends?  You'd travel the globe for these suckers!  But.. their brisket is often dry(ier than I'd like), and I am SOOOOO not a fan of pulled pork that sometimes has globs of fat in it (it might be that _all_ pulled pork is susceptible, I am just not a fan! =P).  Regardless, you have so much to choose from (http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/menu/), and don't be stingy with the sauce!  I'm a true Carolina girl at heart, and Black Dog does this Carolina Red that's vinegary and tomato-y, and has a bite to it that'll just.. well, it'll make your mouth water.  Other's really like the Hot Georgia Peach, like the most exquisite combination of both heat and sweet!All in all, you're going to get a fabulous meal here, and for Champaign-Urbana IL, it's some pretty legit BBQ!  Pair it with one of their amazing beers (and the choices are endless! http://www.blackdogsmoke.com/beer/) and you'll leave stuffed and satisfied!
Been here many times! Friendly, helpful staff, Never had a bad experience. Clean place, comfortable seats, popcorn & nacho chips are always fresh +++++ . Rooms here are smaller than other theaters, which is why you probably should arrive 1 hour + early if you are watching a new release! Hint *** Before you ask for your tickets Buy a $25.00 gift card and receive a free medium size popcorn voucher(You can pay the difference to upgrade for larger size at the concesión stand)  use it to pay for your tickets/snacks. Keep it and Reloaded it over & Over! :)
This ULTA had the longest holiday shopper line & it went fast believe it or not. This staff is sweet & helpful. Love this Ulta location for shopping. I haven't tried the salon yet so stay tuned for that.
Came here many times during my stay at the Mandarin Oriental last time. I tried almost all of their sushi rolls. Their sushi is not excellent but it's pretty good. I really like their green curry with chicken. Service is pretty good, and it's conveniently located.
The beef brisket soup noodles were very good, I could tell the noodles were fresh. The pork soup dumplings were excellent as well. Open 24/7, so a great late night option.
Mesa Grill is located inside Ceasars.  Its nice that we were able to make reservations for a party of 5 people.  When you make your reservation, you have to give them a credit card number to hold your spot.   We arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation time, and we were still seated immediately.  I loved how the servers was very attentive and chatty. The complimentary bread basket was very good.  I loved how there was different selections (jalapeno bread, cornbread, walnut bread).  For an appetizer, we decided to try the chicken quesadilla, and it was really good.  I would highly recommend it.   We decided to order the 22 ounce Chipotle Rib Eye Steak for our entree.  The steak was huge and can definitely feed 2 people.  The steak was cooked pretty well.  I loved dipping the steak in the sauce. Overal, service was really good here.  I really enjoyed the bread and apps.
I took my mom here when she was in town for Christmas.  We stopped in for lunch and neither of us had ever had Ethiopian food before.  I had read about them on their website and in many of the reviews here on yelp, so I kind of knew what to expect.  We were seated immediately, but it took about 10 minutes for our server to greet us.  We immediately ordered two of the lunch specials which we had brought out on one big plate, and it came out super fast!Everything was wonderful!  We had a lot of fun eating with the Injera and trying to decide which dish was our favorite.  We tried all six of the vegetarian items listed on the lunch menu.  My favorite was probably the Azifah (the cold lentil dish).  The Misir Wat (red split lentils) was really good too, and my mom's favorite was the Fosolia (lightly spiced green beans).  When the big dish was set in front of us, we looked at it and thought, this isn't very much food....but boy were we wrong.  We couldn't even finish it.  The Injera really fills you up I think!All in all...a great experience for a great price.  $20 including tip.  Can't beat that.  I will definitely be back!
Very fresh food and authentic Italian taste. Tried the eggplant Parmesan and it was so awesome. My friend had portobello mushrooms burger which was also very good. The view of the Pittsburgh is scenic from the patio. Must visit when you come to Mt Washington.
A really great date place if either of you are into chocolate. In the winter, definitely try the grandma-style hot chocolate...it's out of this world. On the weekend, expect to wait 10-25 minutes if you're coming in the evening...it's quite busy.Be a good date and share some a fondu :)
Breakfast at Bouchon in the Venetian.  We had Croque Madame, Corned Beef Hash, and Jambon et Oeufs.  My croque madame was serviced with slice of brioche, ham slices, another slice of brioche with a sunny side up egg on top and a white sauce on top.  There may have been other stuff between the broiche slices, I just don't remember.   To fill, I mean really fill up the rest of the plate, a huge mound of thinly sliced fries.  I would have liked the fries to be a little more crispy.  The sandwich was good.  Even though it looked small, it was a lot of food.  Corned Beef Hash was just how I liked it.  Corned in small cubes, potatoes about the same size.  Peppers and onions.  with your style of egg on top.  This is how, I think corned beef should be served.  5 stars for this meal.Ham and eggs were just ham and eggs, with some scallopped potatoes.  Nothing special about this meal.  For some reason it was $25 and in my opinion, shouldn't be more then the other meals.  The pan d'epi bread was good, with butter and the homemade jam.Overall, a good place for breakfast.  Good service.
Freshly made noodles and flavorful broth.  I'm not sure if this place has a Taiwanese cook, but their Beef Noodle Soup was fabulous.
I've only been here once, but it was a good experience. There are several dog parks in one large park area, including one with a water area for some doggie swimming. The space in the fenced in areas seemed ample. The only thing I did not like was that you had to leave the fenced area in which you were to access the water fountain for your dog to get a drink. There should have been a water fountain placed in each of the park areas. This place is kind of far and I was only down there because of an errand, so I may return on another occasion when I'm not too busy.
There was three of us who came and tried this restaurant, we all love korean food so our expectation is pretty high, especially after reading yelp reviews...this place did not disappoint...the location is not the most attractive place in vegas and most visitors will never try coming to this local gem, but if you are like me who is looking at las vegas as a vacation resort instead of just gambling and party destination, then you will love mingling with the locals here...the ambience is great, service is good amd most of the guest are very relax...the decor is nothing to be proud of and the location is caterred to locals, but you will not leave disappointed...start with their combo...share your orders so you can try more of their menu...if you are with group, try not to order the same item and just share...
Despite the drinks being an arm and a leg with the inside usually jam packed - if you're in without the huge line and go with the right people, Bar at Times Square can actually be a humorously fun time! Planning on tossing a few back? Grab a few before going in; Outside at a slot / table rum & coke - $1 (tip) / Inside bar rum & coke - $12 w/o tip.. I'm just sayin'.. I haven't been during happy hour, as it seems the place is bursting at the seems waiting for a Fire Marshall to be called. It might be best to go during that hour or so if you're trying to have more than one beverage at this place. Anyways, it's a dueling piano bar with two fella's who know all the bangin' hits from the 50's all the way up to today's Top 40. A patron can request a song (once one ends and / or hasn't been interrupted) and if someone in the crowd isn't pleased - he or she then has the opportunity to walk up to the the non-playing pianist, offer a cash tip of higher cash value than that placed prior and have the song changed on the spot.. keeping both the patrons and musicians on their toes. It's really an interactive environment - in the sense that the pianists continuously receive requests, talk to the crowd, with the crowd itself shootin' the breeze, minglin', singing and dancing if they know the jam being performed. If you can't see the performers, they have tv's lined up throughout the bar so you can catch a glimpse. I'm not the tallest human, so it's often I end up in somebody's armpit while they're singing their favorite track and I'm gasping for air. Kidding, I'm actually the guy who has YOU in the headlock; You'll be blissfully swept away by my beautiful renditions of Bohemian Rhapsody, I Want You To Want Me & my jam - One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer in an overtly joyous manner. *They also have that lady you see at all the shows.. she dances & looks like Dee from It's Always Sunny, tries to get you to boogey with her and you can't understand what she's saying, though, she sings every song on cue without a slur.  She's an interesting human who needs help, so you push her towards the random person next to you hoping they'll do something about it. Do some people observing and find em'! This is a place of action, sound and movement. You might get bumped or pulled to dance and sing. Good music and a giddy buzz is found at the Bar At Times Square; so be forewarned - most people here are on a good one and are trying to maintain that vibe! Don't get upset if someone just wants to sing with you btw - it's probably me!
First things first - I like Bobby Flay.  I like his television shows.  I like his personality.  And I like his style of cooking.  So I ought to like Mesa Grill.  And in some ways, I do.  But there are also some issues.The ambiance is bright and colorful, with high ceilings, lots of windows, and an impressive bar.  But the tables were packed in pretty tight.  Hey, I understand why.  The place was full on a Tuesday night!  If you can cram that many people into a space, and they still want to come, then it's just smart business.  But it isn't my taste.My wife and I decided to try as many dishes as we could, so we shared a menu made up of appetizers and side dishes.  Our server was friendly and helpful, but he did not bring out the dishes in the order we requested.Some dishes were what you might call "just fine":  The chopped salad, the blue corn pancake, and the double-baked potato.  The goat cheese queso fundido was better than "just fine."  The chile relleno and the tiger shrimp were both spectacularly good - snapping with unique flavors.  The smoked chicken quesadilla, on the other hand, was sub-par and not very flavorful.So, Mesa is a perfectly acceptable restaurant.  But when we go to a high end, pricey restaurant we really want nothing less than five stars, and Mesa doesn't quite get there.  Lots of Vegas restaurants do get there.  So we won't be back at Mesa for a while.  Sorry, Bobby.  We'll catch you at Bar Americain next time we're in New York.
It's hard to complain about this hotel. If you're into the trendy/modern establishments this place is probably up your alley.The service was pretty near perfect. The clerks make sure that everything you want is provided for you. They'll even make reservations on your behalf to nearby restaurants. The location of the the W is nearby a mall, there's also a Yardhouse, Starbucks and a Grand Luxe Cafe within walking distance too.The W hotel boasts a pretty jam packed pool party in the summers. The pool is located on the roof with lawn chairs and circular couches placed everywhere. Not to mention that they have a 'beach'; An area that if full of sand and tents for you to lay on. You can also order food while soaking up the sun and alcohol.The hotel rooms are clean, semi-quiet, but very small. For the price you pay to stay at this hotel, they sure give you a tiny room. But the service outshines the room so I can bear with it. The pool area becomes a club/lounge at night, and you can hear the music from your room (thump thump thump). After a while, it can get annoying.The toiletries are straight from their in-house spa, Bliss. Flat screen in the rooms, a desk for you to do any office work on and modern-esque furniture and lighting to set the mood.I suggest trying out the W hotel. Their pool party rocked, the service was near perfect, the rooms were nice, they have an in-house spa, Japanese restaurant (Sushi Roku), and a lounge (The living room).
This place sells walnut cakes and a few other dessert items.  I'm not partial to anything with red bean paste so I only had the mashed potato /walnut and mashed potato/almond ones.  They were great and I wish I had bought more than six.  They are only $2.25 for 6 cakes.  The cakes are really shaped like a walnut from the special molds they are made in.  I got them when they were fresh off the conveyer and I think I would want to do that again.  I went back a few days later and tried the pancakes stuffed with sugar which also really good.  Will be coming back here again soon.
Simplicity at its best. G&B offers a nice touch of good ol' bar food in a clean, warm, and inviting feel atmosphere. Nice bar with plenty of TVs to catch any of the games on. Nice selection of beer as well.I'm a out of towner and my cousin brought me here for their awesome cheese curds and they did not disappoint. Extremely light but well seasoned batter encasing bite sized little curds of heaven with their home made dipping sauce was well executed. The fried smelt was a pleasant treat. Again with the light batter but full of flavor with moist tender meat on the inside, paired with their homemade tartar sauce, it was one of my favorite things I ate on my trip. Their burger was simple yet bursting with tons of flavors that elevated the humble american staple. The service was good and I'd say it was a pleasant experience dining here. Simple food done right with subtle changes that elevate it is what makes any restaurant stand out. G&B do just that and do not disappoint. Stay fat mother suckers
Trendy and expensive. But the food is pretty good. Had the al pastor and thought it was a bit too salty. The duck confit was flavorful.
Kid friendly environment, noisy atmosphere & great service. Love that the salsa was fresh chunks of tomatoes & corn. The chips were a bit hard & thick. Avocado pasta salad was delicious- definitely order it again.  Tofu tacos were perfect. My 5yr old liked her shrimp kids meal. Beer batter white fish was heaven for your mouth....moist fish with oh so good batter. Plenty of seats inside or outdoor patio.
cheap and authentic  Hong Kong dim sum , love the spare ribs and siew mai , you can't beat the price ($1.80/plate) ! But I don't like the pork bun and the shrimp ball , that's why I only give them 4 stars. I would recommend friends to visit them and I would definitely going back next time  .
Wow, nice restaurant, nice people good food , and adjusted menu  to suit my need ,even with a full house,  and reasonably priced
The flamingo is one of the older casinos but it is right on the strip the pool was nice the staff was friendly. The room was fine it showed s little wear and tear.What they need to improve Check in was a nightmare almost 2 hours of waiting in line that is not good customer service. The parking lot is a joke they share a building with hertz and valet so not much space left we parked on the roof #7 the elevator stops on #6 so u need lug your stuff down the stairs. But it is right in the middle of strip so the location is the major plus. We walked or rode the bus (8$all day)
I've been frequenting Harris Grill for a few years now and it typically doesn't disappoint. Their outdoor patio is delightful on warm summer evenings, and the inside, while dimly lit and a bit hipster-y, nevertheless feels welcoming and cozy. The menu is written with a heavy dose of sass and snark, which makes it a fun read. Who wants to order boring old chicken tenders when you can order "Britney Spears"? I should probably look into hiring their menu writer to help me jazz up my tech reports for work.Anyway, I've ordered many things here, and their food is usually solid. My favorite meal begins with a plate of their "church basement pierogies." They cook up a legit pierogie, with a soft, tender shell browned to perfection and housing a ton of delicious, fluffy, flavorful potato and cheese filling. They are *almost* as good as actual church basement pierogies. Then I like to wash down my pierogies with an order of their mac and cheese topped with blackened chicken. Their mac is addictive -- creamy, rich, cheesy and topped with crunchy breadcrumbs. I really like the blackened chicken paired with the mac, as the spicy cajun seasoning on the chicken cuts through the fattiness of the cheese sauce quite nicely. Supremely delicious. I will admit that once in a blue moon the mac and cheese will be a bit dry, which is a bummer. So the consistency is not 100% there. But nine times out of ten, I'm graced with a good amount of cheese sauce and I'm a happy camper. And then I pass out in a carb-induced coma.The downside here is, of course, their prices. They are pretty expensive. I recently got my standard pierogies-and-mac meal for take out after not having visited for awhile, and I had forgotten just how pricey they are (it was $25 + tip for my meal for take out).  So be prepared to have your wallet cry a little, but the mac and cheese should help cheer it up.
This place is cool. Walking thru a pawn shop into a speakeasy setting was a first. Inside was great and the small plates were too. Really good place for a group of friends to share dishes. Expect to spend $50pp since you'll be ordering multiple dishes.
There's always a line at the warehouse whenever I walk by Queen West. Now I understand why! All food items were only $5! Drinks were yummy too. Came here after work on a Friday night but luckily my coworker had her cousins already lining up so the wait wasn't too bad. The decor inside was very hipster and the DJ was playing some throwback hits. I ordered the works burger with yam fries and the mini donuts! The yam fries were delicious, but the mini donuts stole the spotlight. Hot and fresh with some cinnamon sugar and butterscotch dip? Perfection. I'll be back for lunch when there's less of a line!
A true French eatery. I've been here for brunch, and had La Bastille, a wonderful savory vegetarian crepe. Make sure you take a box of macarons to go! They are the real deal.The only reason I can't give this 5 stars is that it is a little too French - the portions are very small for the prices. A nice treat for myself once in a while.
Attention Las vegas the black bear diner this place is ridiculous with the portions and I'm talking about the light menu they are crazy. We all ordered from the light menu the meatloaf,Patty melt,tuna melt,a burger which now that I think about thats the only thing that wasn't on it and that was huge. The food was surprisingly better than I expected. I'm really glad I took some culinary advice and listened
Love this location, super friendly staff. Very courteous and accommodating. Clean and quiet. Love those onion rings and all day breakfast!
We ate at chima for valentines weekend. The service was great, a nice salad bar, and great food. I have been to comparable Brazilian places that weren't quite as pricey, but this is a nice dinner for a special occasion.
This is a fun place with a trendy atmosphere. It's one of the few places in town that allow you to mix and match beer flights at a fair price. The food is fun and tasty. I recommend the mussels, pizzas, and wings.
when I'm in the mood for fake Chinese food this is the place to go.  Unfortunately they no longer serve pork so the char siu is no longer on the menu.  So disappointed about that.  i'm not sure why they no longer sell it because the employees don't seem to know themselves.  I do love the fact they offer free samples so you can see if you will like it before you order it.  I do wish the prices was a little cheaper but you can get 2 meals out of a 2 item combo.  Other than the no park, they seem to have good customer service and are very friendly which is a plus.
Got on the guestlist via a promoter. Went to another club before coming here. Getting in took awhile since we got there at around 12 AM or so. They made us (4 girls) wait in line for about 40 minutes and almost made us pay (saying that guest lits had closed), but I made a fuss about having to wait so they let us in comped.The place is pretty. That night was DJ Aoki, very good. The place indoors has benches and stuff but also extends to and outside patio as well (with heat lamps!).The drinks were not very strong but pricey (Not that I had to pay for them, so it's all fine in my boat). It was my first time drinking Fiji water too! Crowd is a bit older. Overall had a fun time at this small lounge/club.
Great service, good food and reasonable prices. The lamb shank was excellent. I would recommend if in the area.
Although this location is in a busy spot, it's a cute little place. You have to ring the doorbell to get in. I guess because of homeless. The pharmacist is extremely nice and so was the gal who helped me. They have free delivery too. The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars is because they don't have an automated refill line to request refills. Other than that, not a bad pharmacy!
Don't pass this place by.  Got the grilled shrimp taco and it was spicy and the right kind of tangy.  They also put feta in it which I never would have thought of for tacos but it worked!  Cute atmosphere in the heart of the mill street district.
There is an unfortunate amount of hate-on going for ol' Sam's, so I've decided to come to their (honest) rescue. First, let me give you some context:1. This is not the place to come for authentic Chinese cuisine. Abort mission if that's your goal. Go somewhere with a name that you can barely understand.2. This is not the place to come for personalized service and attention, especially not at 2am on a weekend. You will be treated like what you probably are - a starving drunk person just as likely to skip out on your bill as you are to vomit on their floor. Seriously - these folks put up with a lot. A LOT. Can you imagine taking care of hundreds of drunken morons every single night for the entire weekend? It'd be like babysitting 100 children with ADHD who are also carrying loaded pistols and have an undeniable urge to hump on your white tablecloths. So I chose to cut them some slack.3. I liken this to being the Denny's of Chinese food. It is greasy, unhealthy and oh-so-delicious. You love it while your eating it. You tell yourself it's the greatest meal you've ever had in your life and you want to marry it.But in 15 minutes it's going to sit like a stone in your stomach and you will question every ounce of your judgment. If you can survive this brief period of remorse, your overall experience will come out on the positive.4. On a diet? Yeah, no. Not for you.Yes, I too have been part of the raucous crowd that convenes here late at night after a night out in the Beltline. I have slithered their noodles down my throat and I have savored the juices of their finest ginger beef. I literally can't imagine coming here for a sit down meal at any other time.I've also come here for the lunch buffet - as take out. The place isn't quite as fun when the disco ball isn't a-glowin'. Now if you're a student, a cheapskate or a person in need of large quantities of food (as much as you can physically force into a styrofoam container) - this place is a great option come lunchtime. Just make sure you bring CASH. They get a bit ornery if you try to pay with Debit/Credit.Pro tip: Stuff as much as you can into your styrofoam container and just hold it shut, even if it won't close naturally. You might get dirty looks, but I've never been yelled at - yet. Mmmmm, 5 pounds of Calgary's finest imitation Asian cuisine. Is 4 stars probably pushing it? Yes. If I could I'd give them a 3.5. But as someone else mentioned, Calgary owes these fine folks a bit of thanks for giving us an option other than late night pizza or microwaved Alphaghetti.
Holy god, this place is delish. But if you're stuffing your face with deep fried, hot toddy S.Indian goodness, tables in full 95 degree sunlight don't work as seating - an umbrella, perhaps, would make this an easier lunchtime sell.Fav? Lilva Katchori - tiny nuggets of buckwheat groats and mustard seeds, turmeric, curry leaves, covered in pastry and fried. Crunchy, textural, rad. Comes with their house hot tamarind sauce - a sweet, gradually crescendoing spice experience, thin, and everything tastes better dipped in it.Got some sort of sandwich, let's go with curry and lime pickle and chickpea spread - and damn, it was awesome. A slider by way of Punjab. Killer.Prices are low to mid - and there are things being made here that you can't get anywhere else, plus the classics are fab - samosas, two huuuuge pastry-covered piles of fennel seed, potato, unidentifiable delish, for 3 bucks. A garlicy, smoky dal, multiple legumes, a cup or so of Paneer Masala, a perfect amount of rice, papadum, and thin, pancake-like Naan, for 7. Sweet.
Hubby and I shared the pork belly and the short rib small plates. I Loved the Pork belly. We also ordered 2 desserts. The alexis michelle terrine and the ranndy jackson presents: "the sundae". Both were really good but OMG the sundae was so delicious the bacon caramel popcorn was a unique idea and was such a great addition to the dish.
This is my go-to DD. I always get great service and great coffee. The staff is always in a great mood and it makes for a great start to my day.
There's just not much that can go wrong with deep fried chicken! The meat fell apart so easily, and it was so tender and juicy. The outside was really flavorful and crunchy, and the chicken was extremely hot, fresh out of the fryer. DAT SAUCE THO! Dip it, drizzle it, drench it, bath it, slurp it, lick it, either way it's D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.Texas Toast! I was thinking that this would be like french toast when I heard about it, but it's more like a really yummy dinner roll. Coming back to Raising Cane's again.
In my view, in the US there are generally three types of Sushi places.  The very small, packed place that has the run of the mill sushi, the convert belt sushi, or the fancy schmancy type with renamed sushi rolls and a few not so common.   In my view Kofusion is, at least this location is the fancy schmancy type and the prices to go with it.   Nonetheless they have some unique rolls and have more than just sushi.    So if you have friends who are adverse to raw seafood, they'll be able to find items such as hibachi chicken or beef, along with rice or noodle dishes.   The service was, just okay.  For as few people there were at the time we visited, I felt the service could have been far better.  My suspicion is the kid was nursing a hangover, but he was friendly and he did get our order right.   As with most sushi places, when the two platters of sushi rolls came to the table they presented well and certainly there was pride in the work.   The rolls were nice and tight and didn't fall apart from plate to mouth.  The fish, especially the salmon was very fresh and I liked the special sauce used on the spicy tuna.    I would certainly come back here again, although if you've not been to the Mongolian place just up the road, I would suggest giving that a try too.  Both places are excellent.  One other point.  If you happen to be over by the collage, there is a small Kofusion place by the Music hall.  I've not been there myself, but just thought I'd mention it so you didn't trek through congested roads.
Outstanding Italian food in the Venetian Mall! If you're lucky enough to be in Vegas and at the Venetian, don't skip this very popular spot in the Mall. The atmosphere on the patio has the urban street scene feel with all the mall customers walking by; lot's of hustle and bustle but it's not distracting like having a slot machine ringing in your ear. It was loud, boisterous... but nice! Very cool joint that I can't wait to visit again.WHEN YOU GO- Ask for Sergio and wait if you have to. The guy's worth it! DO NOT skip the Filet Mignon Meatballs. They're as good as they sound. Lobster Ravioli, Chicken Parm and lobster ravioli are winners as well.Very nice spot that is from now on in my regular Las Vegas resto rotation!
First time I came here, it was pretty empty. Not that it's a bad thing, the food actually came out better. Then today, I came again. Except it was busier. The food- (BBQ Beef) came out oily and kind of gross. They also mixed up my father's order and gave it to someone else. If you come when the restraint is empty, you get better food and service.
Great HH and awesome catfish dinner for only $9! The king crab with the trifecta is my favorite. Remember to order bread for all the deliciousness!!
I went here last night, and I loved it!First, the atmosphere is really good - I'm a sucker for bricks though so I generally like any restaurant that has brick walls.My friend and I started with the trio of cheese (I think it was around $18 for 3).  We asked the waiter's advice as to which cheeses to choose and his reco was excellent.  Each cheese comes with its own condiment so we had a baby mozzarella with a rhubarb compote, a paresan with strawberry and another cheese which I can't remember with marmelade - fantastic!For my main, I had the gnocchi which was really good and my friend had some kind of pasta with lemon and ricotta (she really liked it but it wasn't my thing).  Both were around $20We wanted a little something extra so we split a trio of sorbet - bergamot, rhubarb and mango - the rhubarb was my favouriteAll in all, a great night.  The service was excellent, the room was really nice and the food was awesome (and reasonably priced).  My only complaint was that our cocktails were really small and didn't appear to have much alcohol in them.  I'd stick to wine if I went again.
This is a really fun place, especially considering there was no wait and everywhere else around was an hour and a half wait! We wish we'd seen the specials on the board when you first walk in because there was a lot more to offer than what is on the menu (Standard British pub fare) The staff was awesome, yummy food, prepared beautifully!
I came here for dinner recently and had a very pleasant time. The staff was very cordial and polite. The place at the time we went (around 6:30 PM on a Friday night) was quiet but I believe more people come here for their lunch buffet. The food was delicious and was happy to rely on Yelp to find this little spot.
was told it was a lounge but it felt a little more clubby than that.  we went on a friday night and it was quite a lovely scene.  like everything else at the wynn it's pretty damn gorgeous.  the dj was working his ipod and the crowd was a good mix.  i'd def go back but i heard there's a $40 cover.
So many choices running up and down the street.  How do you choose?Actually this place has been on my list for about 2 years. So even though I had to steer my husband here, and we kept looking up the road a bit, we ended up back here.For starters the inside is nice, BUT, it kinda looks like a blacksmith vomited in there.  Someone needs to put the reigns on this tangled mess of metalwork.  There was some decorative painting along the stairs to the downstairs bathroom...kinda nice, and a soothing relaxing blue and cream palette that was quiite nice.  The noise level was loud and festive.The appetizer dip plate Kria Polikiliea is an array of Taramosalata--a caviar and potato spread that was new to me, eggplant based dip, houmos, and Tztziki.  The serving was generous, but we had to ask for another pita.The Quail appetizerwas delicious as my meal.  My husband had the Lamb boneless I'm not a fan of the texture of the rice, but it seems pretty consistent through all of the Greek places I go, so I suppose it's me, not them.
Was there in a Friday night for oysters and cocktails. Not happy hour proces but the oysters are great. Bartender crafts wonderful drinks and is helpful in suggesting others. Not a sports bar (tv is tiny lol was fun watching people try to see the score) pricey but excellent drinks. Nice place alone or small group can't see it being a large group spot at all.
If you like it hot, this is your place. It is a bit pricier then other Mexican restaurants but the portions are large and don't taste like it was frozen and just warmed up... cough, cough Macayos! Great specials on the happy hour menu. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere and the hatch chilies are their staple. The salsa is great and the bean dip is a nice change with the chips.
Asada nachos are pretty good. The waitress was super nice. I would come back here when in Vegas!
So many great things to say about this place, but it didn't hit everything so that's why I had to mark it down one star. Check in was reasonable and the staff are friendly. At first I was taken back by the mandatory valet, but I like that it's based on gratuity/tip. I love that it's smoke free and still basically on the strip. The one bedroom suite is super spacious and could honestly comfortably fit four adults if tight on cash. Rom service provides good portions for the money and is prompt. So the markdowns come for the cleaning and the gym. There were two obvious strains on the curtains, which I know if I can see, housekeeping should be able to and thus CLEAN! Also, I was curious as to why there were a pair of men's dress shoes under the bed. Did housekeeping vacuum under the bed??? Clean with their eyes closed?? I dunno. Also, my friend went to get extra pillows from the closet and said there was hair on them and they were dirty...not acceptable. Lastly, I do workout everywhere and was slightly disappointed from the size of the gym. I was still able to get a mini workout in, but I guess I was expecting more variety and no kids. Typically this would be 3 stars bcuz if the cleanliness, but the customer service and space superseded the issues this time.
Apparently this place is much better at 4:00a (according to some locals). However, as a tourist visiting the Toronto area, the fact that "poutineries" is even a thing is amazing. I thought this place was really good. Definitely not a healthy choice, but delicious! Love the 80's rock theme too.
This is a very nice casino. It is yet another of the Station chain, which I very much like. We enjoyed the gambling, and the buffet even more. If you are in the Henderson area, this is a very good place to go.
Went here before a concert. Literally just steps from the t mobile arena. You walk and your assaulted (in a good way) by loud music and flashing lights. They have a crazy host running around with a mic singing and getting patrons to do sake bombs. When you go to some place like this you think the food is going to be sub par - it wasn't. The toro sushi was so good and fresh as was the yellow tail and salmon. The spicy tuna roll wasn't nearly as good as the sushi but still decent. You can imagine that the service was spotty with our waitress breaking to jump into a song and dance - but the management felt so bad that we had to wait so long that they took care of a large part of our drinks. Wouldn't definitely recommend - but it is a party atmosphere so be prepared.
Baught my glock 19 here came with friends to the range.Overall nice place for locals 10$ for range entrance and 13$ for 50 9mm rounds.Think this place will become my local best spot for some shooting
Found good reviews on Yelp and decided to stop in prior to a concert at Blossom.  What a great choice we made.  Sat at the bar up front and enjoyed the interaction with both the bartenders and cooks who prepare the food right in front of you.  Had the grilled oysters as appitizer (awesome must have) along with the halibut special which was off the charts. We will be back again for sure.
Poker room is awesome!$1 and $2 limitAnd $2 and $4 limitAs well as the no limit tables of courseTip your waitress and they will keep coming is all I can say. My husband and I were tipping $3 for 2 drinks and she said she was letting the bartender know to make them good for these nice peopleBe kind and you will have a blast in VegasLoved our room and for $35 can't beat the location, free parking, nice room, great restaurants
In Charlotte for one night and we needed a place to grab breakfast before we got back on the road. This place was by the hotel and we saw it the night before so we decided to try it. In glad we did. The ordering can get a bit confusing, they weren't overly friendly, but not bad, and they didn't have crepes, even though it was on the menu board. Those are my reasons for not giving 5 stars. The pros: the blueberry cream cheese muffin was probably the best one I've ever had! It was perfectly moist and flavorful. I ate more of it than my son did because I couldn't help myself!I had the quiche which was perfectly flakey and deliciousMy husband got a sandwich of some sort, o don't remember what it was but he loved it. I also got a chocolate croissant, mmmmm I could use another one right now.
This shop combines coffee, breakfast and coffee break items and a yarn shop (which made my wife happy). During a recent visit we enjoyed well made asparagus and ham quiches with well dressed side greens. There were three regular and one decaf offerings from two area roasters. Service was friendly and helpful.
I'm starting to really like Kohl's as much as I like J.C. Penney. (I like J.C. Penney)
I'm the newest fan of Ticoz after trying it last week for the first time. Myself and two wonderful ladies...shout out to Dottsy Z!..hit up happy hour on a beautiful Wednesday evening. Only happy hour turned into happy HOURS! Things I loved: *the over all vibe and styling of the place. Great decor and great hint of Spanish flair without over doing it. *the food was excellent. I had some chips and salsa which were pretty standard. The tacos, although, were outstanding. I had one chicken and one beef. The beef was AWESOME! I am trying to eat red meat only two times per week and I may just have to have both meals be these tacos! *The service was great as well. I've heard people say this place is "gay friendly". This day and age, "friendly" anything is wonderful. But seriously, our server/bartender was very knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt. I can't wait to head back to dine on the patio and explore the menu more!
So as I was checking my mail I seen a flyer on the mailbox, I wasn't going to call, but 1 day I was in need of house work due to family coming in town. I called them and they came over the same day maybe 2 hours after I requested service. That was 2 years ago and they still clean for me, and they also clean all 4 of our family businesses.. Great company and very professional.
We have been there twice now.  The fish tacos are absolutely the best I've ever eaten in a restaurant, period, and I am a fan of fish tacos.The coconut shrimp appetizer is also very good.I gave it only four stars simply because we have only tried a couple of items.Need to try the clam chowder (when it cools down a bit), and the fish pasta before I can give it the 100% five star rating!!!That said, the fish taco's are a 10 STAR in my book.
Went for my birthday....we got a discounted rate ( but it's more then we usually pay). We got to our room....first all the curtains were closed...very very dark when you walk in...the room was nice, but then we had a balcony ( with a view...she said). There was nooooooo view....other then a view of a roof and a big wall. I wasn't happy with it and called down to the front desk and asked to be moved. They upgraded us to a bigger room that overlooked the pool for $ 10 more a night. The room was HUGE and a beautiful view. The hotel is just beautiful. I just love the fact that you don't have all the party type people from the Strip mentality here. It's really not that far from the Strip...if you go, but there is tons to do right near there. We will be coming back!
So glad this place is close to home! Been here a few times and I'm happy to say their food is always consistent. You can't go wrong with their pho (I like the combination pho) and the rice dishes are good choices too. When I'm feeling extra hungry, I'll order the fried egg rolls which always hit the spot. Service has been great the multiple times I've been. They also do a great job of keeping the restaurant clean.
Fantastic sandwiches, especially if you go with the legendary Dutch Crunch bread. They also have authentic SF sourdough which is very good. Sandwiches are huge, though quite pricey. Service can be a bit slow if there's anyone in line ahead of you. Be aware that all sandwiches are hot "unless otherwise noted". Found out the hard way when ordering a ham & swiss by phone that I wanted cold - wasn't asked which way I wanted it, so hot it was. Also had more stuff on it than I asked for. Still quite tasty though.
Finally a good sushi place close to home. Ordered the double rainbow roll and it was fantastic. Well proportioned and presented. Also had the pad Thai and the coconut soup. Both well flavored but the soup could have been thicker. The staff were very friendly and the space was very clean. Will definitely visit again!
Tower City Center50 Public SquareCleveland, OH 44113If you ever find yourself in Cleveland, you cant go without visiting the Tower City Center. This Historic land mark used to be know as the Cleveland Union Terminal and signs of its history are everywhere. This unique center is connected to two hotels (Ritz Carlton & Renaissance) a huge casino (Horseshoe), an 11-screen movie theater, 100 shops, 6 restaurants, and  Cleveland's mass transit system. (RTA). They also have connected walkways to Progressive Field, and Quicken Loans Arena.The Skylight Concourse is definitely something to see; this four story (+) tall atrium overlooks the Cuyahoga river hosting a food court and cinema. Here you can grab some stir-fried veggies at Sakkio Japan, Bourbon Chicken at Kelly's Cajun Grill, or just a warm pretzel from Auntie Anne's while enjoying the scenery of  downtown Cleveland and Ohio City.The holidays at Cleveland City Center is truly a sight to see. In December they have a 40ft tall Christmas tree with larger than life hanging mechanical ornaments, Gingerbread village, and the best thing ever, the Twigbee Shop! Here you can bring kids under 12 with their shopping list for parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and uncles and a volunteer helps the little ones buy gifts under $10 that are pre-wrapped. Besides all the cool shops, you can truly just get lost in this place and enjoy the sights and sounds. Eat, drink, shop, eat, drink, shop... How can you go wrong with that. If all else fails, go blow your shopping money at the casino.One of my favorite amenities at City Center is the subway. Cleveland's RTA rumbles below the center giving you the feel a bustling metropolis. Here you can jump the sub and go pretty much anywhere you want in the city, and the mall resembles an oldtyme train station. Just the architecture alone draws me in, I can spend an entire day meandering the halls, people watching, sipping coffee and munching on some delicious treats.Tower City Center is a safe, clean, and fun place to take the kids, watch a movie, or blow your paycheck, just remember to get your parking ticket validated.
This location is convenient for meeting my husband for dinner after work. The food is consistently good. Service is okay. Love the ribeye and baked potato.
We went last night for AZ Restaurant Week...I really like the atmosphere, much bigger than I thought it would be!  We had a reservation so when we got there, it just took a few minutes, then we were seated.  I got the spicy sausage and vegetable soup, it was really good, nice and spicy!  My husband ordered the meat and cheese plate, it was fine, just average.  I'm sure if you were to custom order this, would be much better.  The entrees that we ordered were the Jambalaya and the Short Rib Stew.  The Jambalaya was a huge portion and quite tasty, spicy, smokey, delish.  We were really looking forward to the stew, we had seen it on the cover of Phoenix Magazine, kind of disappointing.  It seemed a bit bland, it if wasn't for the amazing cornbread, would not have completed the dish.  For dessert, we both had the salted caramel pudding, best dessert I have had in a long time.  I don't think I have enough descriptive words in my vocabulary to explain this....just salted enough, creamy, decadence, perfection.  All in all, a really nice meal!
my friend and I had a marvelous time at the gallery, though admittedly we didn't leave the first floor. we got lucky because I found out that free night coincided with our very first night ever in Canada!I really loved the room that juxtaposes the French Academy style with more progressive impressionists. I couldn't stop staring at the big Monet landscape. I also thought the temporary exhibition of Japanese photos from Hiroshima and Nagasaki were really special, albeit sad. My friend particularly enjoyed the medieval stuff. all in all, a nice mix, and a good way to spend an evening
Great pedicures, complete with rose petals in the water, but would skip the manicures.
What a great little place! They offer a 2-for-1 drink specials all day everyday with All-You-Can-Eat for Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a week, including an appetizer and dessert item! There are literally over 100 rolls to choose from, categorized by style (Baked, Tempura, etc.) Be careful though, anything you don't eat (unless you don't like it) they'll charge you for individually. I suggest (as do they) ordering little-by-little and opting for half rolls, when you can. This is to prevent people from ordering extra rolls "to-go."My friend and I sat down about 2pm on a Saturday and the place was occupied but not packed full. Our waitress was also very patient as we perused the menu over and over each time to decide what we wanted. Running staff was attentive at refilling our water glasses regularly but the one odd thing was our soy sauce bottle was replaced...three times. THREE! The first bottle was half empty, the second 3/4 full and the 3rd completed filled. It wasn't obtrusive to our meal, just comical. Even without the All You Can Eat, the prices were incredibly reasonable. It's not much for ambiance, but it looked beautiful and tasted great!
I stopped in here tonight for some buzz to keep me awake after a grueling hike today.  The staff was friendly and I was on my way quickly.  Yet another location crossed off my list of Starbucks left to visit.
Service a little slow at peak hour, but friendly and welcoming.  Very good food.  My family enjoyed it a lot.
Dinner at Lago was fantastic, from the setting to the service to the food and drinks. We sat outside on a beautiful fall evening, with the sights and sounds of Cleveland's Flats gradually coming back to life. It's a great menu, with lots to choose from. We had the calamari (sauteed, not fried, in a delicious tomato sauce that was perfect for dipping lots of bread in) and the homemade pasta with meatballs. It's the best of comfort food, with enough imagination and elegance to make it special. I had a delicious easy glass of pinot noir and my boyfriend had a gin martini -- we agreed it was exactly how we like our martinis: extremely cold, with just the right balance, and awesome cheese stuffed olives. Our only disappointment was the mushroom pizza--the crust is nothing special and the toppings were just ok. We were so happy (and full) at that point, the so-so pizza didn't faze us at all. We'll just stick to ordering pizza at Humble in Lakewood, and come back to Lago for the pasta. A great evening all around!
Pretty tasty!  We ordered the Pork and Shrimp Dumplings, Beef Bejing Pancake, and Beef Chow Mein.  I'm not a fan of seafood, but I did try the dumplings.  They were really "shrimpy"  which I guess is the point.  LOL.  The Beef Bejing Pancake was interesting.  It kind of looked like a burritio that was cut into slices.  The outside was crisp and the inside was very flavorful.  There was something cold inside of it.  I didn't take it apart to see what it was, but it kind of threw me off.  It wasn't bad, just different.  I still ate it.  The Beef Chow Mein was great and it was enough for me and hubby to share.  I also had Shanghi Wave (drink)?  I think that was the name of it.  Soooo good.  We will definatley be back.
The Broadstone Stetson is very helpful. I have called multiple times asking questions regarding my new apartment, and they are always responding quickly and are happy to answer any questions I may have.
We really enjoy coming here for breakfast on the weekends! The food is always delicious and the staff is very friendly and courteous. HOWEVER, during our last visit, we noticed a gentleman standing around, near the hostess stand, performing the duties of the hostess. He had such an unfriendly personality, never smiled and was not courteous at all. This was so uncharacteristic of First Watch! When we inquired about him, we learned his name was Tim and he was the regional manager. We were so surprised! We expected a manager to visit with the customers, not stand around and get in the way! We were quite disappointed in his behaviour and demeanor.
I am usually skeptical about public pools, but Cactus is always clean, well managed, and with a friendly staff! The front desk is especially great. The people working there were clearly trained well and are approachable enough for me to go with them for any question at all. The locker rooms have quite a bit of space, and the showers are relatively clean (as public showers go); in the summer time, there's no better place to be. Do recommend the pool, especially if you go for one of their fitness classes!
Lunched it here today.  Burgers are are good... eh... better than good.  The meat is certainly a couple notches up from say, In & Out.  Which I like.  The bun is high quality as well.  I ordered the Green Chile Burger.  I was very happy with it.  My family both go Cheese burgers and they loved them.  I was surprised by the Fries... they are not up to the standards of the other food.  Bland.  The service was good and the staff was friendly.  Not sure how long it's been here, but Yelp brought me today.  Constructive criticism?  Slightly up the scheme, change the colors and bring in some more images etc... for the walls.  Up the menu look and feel and brand it!  Parting shot?  You already have the hard part down... good food!
Good food - Great atmosphere!Service will depend mostly on where you sit - They have a nice covered outdoor seating, if you're out with a group of friends - The bar area is pretty neat with lounge seating facing the bar.Try the Short Rib Ravioli
Good flavorable chicken at Mr Pollo!  The lunch special includes a bowl of soup, the sides are small. Two plantains and side salad, the bleu cheese is good, it blended well with a spicy sauce they brought to the table.  The grilled beef steak is tasty but a tad chewy.  Chicken is the way to go.  The drinks are 2$, refills at the station, the order is taken at the counter and a friendly staff member brings your order to the table with a smile.  Small, clean spot in the plaza.
Very nice and clean location with plenty of parking. Employees were friendly but the wait was kinda long. We will use them again because of how good they did and how well we were treated. Even my 5 year old got a mani pedi for the first time!
Great selection of Four Peaks brews along with guest ones.  The pumpkin porter was excellent. I'm not a great fan of beer, but this one I finished.  The quesadilla was crisp and not soggy.  Try it with chicken.  My dining partner had the salmon BLT and it was very good.  Huge place with friendly staff and a fine variety of beers.
Charburger was about a pound, it was huge and delicious! Ice Cream Shakes were great too.
yea i have to say this was not quite gelato, but an ice cream?either way, it was cute and portion size was cool. cinnamon was delicioso!
Ordered lunch using Foodora. I ordered the Chick'n Pot Pie with a market salad on a side, and a Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake. Overall, I was pleased with my order. This is a restaurant I'd try again. I gave 4/5 stars for the great pot pie. I wish the price was cheaper though but it's understandable since most vegan restaurants have this price point. See details on the food below!Chick'n Pot Pie = 4/5 I really enjoyed this one. When it arrived, it was a bit warm, which is expected since it was delivery. I bet if I had this in the restaurant it would have been hot, comforting, and perfect. It had potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots, red bell pepper, beans, peas, and a nice crust. I wish it had more chick'n though. The salad had spinach, shredded beets, red bell pepper, tomatoes, cucumbers, and balsamic vinaigrette. It was definitely filling and I'd order it again.Banana Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake = 2.5/5This was a fancier banana bread. The size reminds me of those school safe banana bread snacks you can get from Costco. It basically tastes like that - sweet. I was disappointed with this one since I found it pricey for what reminded me of a school snack. I thought it would be a slice of cake, but it looks just like that snack. I wouldn't repurchase this again. Definitely try a different dessert.
Nice Italian food with good prices and generous portions.Whats not to like?
I love fast food....I really do.  And this is my favorite chicken finger place...hands down.  They do it right.This Raising Canes restaurant is clean and the staff is nice.  They are helpful and efficient.  If you are unsure what to get, they are quick to answer questions too.So....not a ton of variety at this place.....just get what everyone else is getting...chicken fingers with cole slaw and texas toast.  The chicken fingers are amazing! Crunchy on the outside and tender-soft on the inside.  I can eat many of these....many.  The texas toast and the cole slaw are very good as well.  I always order an arnold palmer because they have good sweet tea and lemonade....it's such a good combination.Next time your in Vegas try it, you won't regret it!
Love this new location! Has all the charm of the NODA location, just a lot more spacious with lots of seating and a nice long bar. There are three (I think) lines. If you're ordering dessert, make sure you get in the line closest to the pastries. All the servers were super friendly and smiley. Even though it was crowded, our order came out quickly. I've only been to this new location once but I had a great experience. Great addition to Uptown.
Been here several times. Brunch was unimpressive, lunch was solid, happy hour is  great and dinner was down right delicious. Also the cocktails are made with care, premium ingredients and creativity. I'd highly recommend the "lawless" whiskey and tobacco bitters and served in a glass full of vanilla tobacco smoke. I would also highly recommend the risotto croquettes, short ribs and deviled eggs. A few reviews claim this place is expensive, if your worried about that, trot on over to the tilted quilt next door or chipotle across the street.
Today my boyfriend and I stopped by to buy some dog food. I usually just get a big bag of Pedigree at Walmart, but I decided to explore other options. As we were looking at the different bags, Wesley one of the employees, offered to help us. This guys has vast knowledge about all the dog food brands the store carries. I was really impressed, especially when he asked about my dogs in order to give the best recommendations on dogs food. Once we got our bag picked out, he also informed us about how to go through the process of changing out the dog food since Pedigree is all my dogs have ever eaten. When I asked how he learned so much about dog food he said he's been working at Wag N Wash for 5 years. To me this is a plus because you wouldn't go through the effort of learning so much for a job you don't enjoy. Also, this tell me he does like his job and he's willing to learn to help the customers.
After a long day of shopping at the waterfront, I discovered Honest John's nearby and decided to check it out. Homestead is really getting some awesome places to draw in a crowd!I loved the atmosphere here. Clean, rustic, with an awesome bar. The menu is not overwhelming, but there is certainly something for everyone. I tried the lettuces salad with grilled chicken that was incredible and my friend had the grilled chicken sandwich and she raved about that as well.  I felt that the food was slightly overpriced ($15 for a salad..) but I enjoyed the experience greatly.
Great lunch specials!! Great margaritas! Bar service was wonderful & friendly....cant wait to come back!  Luv AZ
I love the sandwiches at Which Wich and the ingredients really taste like they use some of the best.  Milkshakes are also a step above and always delicious.  The thing that gets me about this location is that they close fairly early.  I know this isn't NYC or anything, but it seems any restaurant around here should regularly be open until at least 9PM.
I was starving and sick from a bad sinus infection... My cravings were something fried, but also wanted some spicy soup to balance the two out. My thoughts were Tang Soo Yook and Jjampong!!! We walked in a few minutes before closing and asked the server if she was still serving... she went back to the kitchen to see if the light was still on. If the light is on, that means the Chef can still cook for us and luckily it was!!!I enjoyed their Tang Soo Yook, which is a deep fried pork that comes with a tangy jelly-like sauce.. similar to sweet and sour that they give you on the side to pour over. This came out steamy, hot!!! Tasted fresh and love the tempura/cornstarch batter that makes this deep fried pork so delightful to eat. The oil that was used seem new and made this dish taste light and perfectly crisp. Each bite was pipin' hot and delicious. The sauce that completes this dish consists of sliced cucumber, carrot, napa cabbage, wood ear mushrooms, and onion. I would say, without this sauce.. it would be very plain jane and definitely wouldn't be as good. Love!My minus one star was the Jjampong. Although it had chunks of seafood, it lacked flavor tremendously. It was like putting chunks of cayenne pepper in water and heating it up. The spices didn't really do it for me and I felt like there were some missing ingredients that could have done wonders for this soup. That was the only thing that wasn't so great, but I did enjoy the texture of the noodles in this soup very much. Their side dishes is very limited to only daikon and kimchi. But their kimchi is very notable... my Father loves the kimchi here and so do I. Small bite size square cut shaped, lightly seasoned, crisp, with a solid homemade taste. If they sold this by the jar, I would definitely buy a few :) Delicious.This restaurant is also very known for their Jjajangmyun. A thick black soybean paste sauce with diced meat (pork) and vegetables (mainly diced onion). Normally, if you ask for Jjajangmyun, the sauce is already pre-made, but you can ask the server to cook the sauce fresh, which is called Gan Jjajang myun. If you like your vegetables cooked well, then order Jjajangmyun. If you like your vegetables semi-raw, then you will enjoy Gan Jjajang myun. I enjoy mine cooked well and so does my Mother. My Father, on the other hand orders the semi-raw. I don't think anybody knows that they can order it this way, so just sharing how my Family and I order our food choices here.The location is somewhat hidden.. it's tucked in a corner nearby 168 market.. in between the Furniture Store and Nelson Barber Shop. Even the name of this restaurant is written in Chinese Characters, so don't look for Shan Dong!! Good service, great meal, and satisfies my cravings for Korean-Chinese cuisine.
Great spot off the beaten path. Cool decor-great bathrooms if thats important to you to. The draft beer selection is 12 deep-but decent cause you can mix a few of em together. Bottle selection is average-could really step dat shit up. But overall a solid damn spot. The mixed drink menu-forget what its called but #1 is amazing. I wanna drink it till i black out and wake up in a gutter...its that good. The mint and fruit hide the bourbon and you just consume...and consume...and.....anyway support your local joint and give it a shot!
Nice pizza /snack place, pleasant ambiance and not too formal. Fast friendly service. Their pizza Zucca is amazing! 4 stars for overall value
Usually stop by the restaurant here after a ride through Red Rock Canyon, by far they have the best Bison Burger I have ever eaten. Atmosphere is old school wild west. 32 different beers at the bar.  Staff and patrons are friendly and fun to talk to.
Maybe not the absolute best Mediterranean food you will find,  but for fast good food it's  a must.  Super awesome service also make it a plus.
Great value for quality food. Reasonably priced beer. Long lines.
I have wanted to eat here since moving to Vegas, but it hasn't worked out. After "checking in" I found the timing was wrong given my new wardrobe addition of a foot and leg cast, very awkward foot boot, a walker and terrible parking with a long walk to sit down for dinner. After a couple of circles around the place we decided to give up this time around and try again when the cast is gone and there is less of a crowd. Guess this is the long way of "checking out."  Four stars because that many people with four and five stars can't all be wrong.
The fish sandwich is amazing!  Great cocktails and a good beer selection.
It's a small little place, right there on Willy St.  It's fairly cozy inside, with low lighting, but well chosen decor.  It's definitely not the best location for a large group, but if there's just a few of you, it's worth a stop.As with other thai restaurants, they've got a spice scale (1 star = mild, 4 stars = Thai spicy), so you can customize the entree to your liking.Not being overly into Thai/Laotian, I went with a "safe" selection, a stir fry in a sweet and sour based sauce.  I went with moderate spice. It was definitely a unique taste, one I would highly recommend!  I wouldn't consider it traditional fare, there were more than plenty of options, if that's your thing.I was convinced to go in halvsies on a dessert of mainly coconut milk, rice, and cinnamon, topped with a slice of mango.  Good thing it was in season! It's one of those unique dishes that, I have to admit, doesn't sound like the most appetizing thing until you try it.  However, if you get the chance, go for it - it's a unique dish you won't want to pass up.I'd recommend Lao Laan Xang for anyone else looking for a unique, tasty, meal.
Great all around. The tortilla soup was fabulous and the service from everyone was awesome! The only reason for 4 stars was nothing really blew me away.
This is by far one of the most amazing places for fried chicken and waffles. They offer the fried chicken in 2 varieties: original and hot. I chose the original and it was tasty and not oily at all. The waffles were fresh and soft. I also ordered birthday cake super shake and it was nice but nothing extraordinary though it had colour sprinkles. The place is tiny and have an outdoor patio as well. I went on a Friday evening around 7 and waited about 15-18 mins to get a place for 2 since I didn't want to sit on the patio. There were only 2 servers and they were friendly and didn't bother us constantly unlike someplace where they want you to eat and leave. Even though all the tables were taken, they didn't mind us sitting after we were done our meals. This could be due the fact the kitchen had closed and were getting ready to close. Overall, I enjoyed my time at this place and will visit again in summer to enjoy the patio.
We walked in 15 minutes before the doors opened for lunch on a Tuesday and were the only ones there.  By the time we left 90 minutes later, the place was packed and the line wound outside and around the corner.  And with good reason.  She started with the sweet potato soup.  It was perfection in a bowl. Sweet, creamy without being heavy.  My goat cheese queso fundido with blue corn tortilla strips was cheesy, slightly spicy, with more than enough chips. Really tasty.She had a Mesa burger, which might be the best burger she ever had.  Cooked exactly as ordered (rare),it was thick, juicy and loaded with flavor.  Even the bun stood out.My cornmeal crusted chile relleno had a delicious crust loaded with great corn flavor.  The pepper itself could have spicier to my taste, but the cheese and sauce inside blended perfectly-a well presented lunchtime treat.We both preferred the burger, but not because the chile was bad in any way.  The burger was just that good.We'd return.
We always go to Mesa for special occasion. Absolutely love the dinner. We've been wanting to go for brunch and finally did. Here's my comparison of the two:Brunch bread basket was better... which says a lot cuz I'm a sucker for the jalapeño cheese bread at dinner. But there's like some coffee cakes and oatmeal things and mini jalapeño muffins that were all delicious. If you go for dinner you HAVE to get the cactus pear margarita on the rocks. By far the best margaritas we've tried to this day. Also their side of corn is amazing but seasonal. The tiger shrimp appetizer and rough cut tuna nachos are go tos for us as well. As far as breakfast goes, we got both quesadillas (one with egg and one with salmons- i forget what they were called) and they were delicious. The sweet potato clam soup is also great, we've had it twice. It was better the first time but still very good. My waffles... AMAZING. I could have eaten a whole stack! My husbands potato hash Benedict wasn't as spectacular. The flavor was fine but it was all one note texture wise. Very mushy. The mango glazed bacon was good- take it or leave it. Overall we are fans on Mesa and always come back. Usually we get a couple things we know we love and always try something new as well! Our service has always been excellent.
Mobile order was perfect.  Then when we got here we added a tall drip of the dark roast and they filled the cup to the rim. Yea!  Many places don't ask and then leave the cup 1/2 empty.  This is a small Starbucks.  Just wish they had some outdoor seating.
After walking past the sign nearly every weekend this summer, I finally popped in to Prohibition for "the best brunch in town" when I realized I was much too lazy to attempt cooking for myself.Admittedly, I have a tough time getting up and getting dressed on the weekends, so I'm not much of a brunch connoisseur.  That being said, their "best brunch in town" claims may not be that far from the truth.I ordered the stuffed French toast, which featured two LARGE slices of sourdough bread, stuffed with mascarpone cheese, and topped with enough maple syrup, fresh strawberries, and whipped cream to put me into a sugar coma for the rest of the day.  Coming with a side of bacon, I couldn't ask for anything more.Their brunch menu isn't extensive, but what they lack in options they make up for with pure quality, both in the ingredients they use and portion sizes they present.  My stuffed French toast left me entirely stuffed and very, very happy.It's definitely on the pricier side ($13 for my meal, $15 for the plate my boyfriend ordered), but when I'm raving about the food to my coworkers on Monday morning, you know it's totally worth it.I'm not as smitten with the service (we were starving and it was a little on the slow side), but everyone was friendly enough, and I will most definitely be back in the very near future.
Great breakfast option in SW Vegas. Breakfast is standard but good. Burgers are above average. Service often leaves something to be desired unfortunately. They respond quickly to the sad egg on the table though if you have problems.
Carryout was very good!! Rigatoni D and Lasagna (meat) were excellent. It's nice the way bread and butter are included without having to ask for it. Best part of the meal? Lemon cookies!
Being from Tucson I was happy to see this location open in Phoenix.  I am a big fan.  The owner even came to our table to see how we were enjoying our meals.  Go with the hot dogs!
Debated on going 3 or 4 stars for the review. I would say that the firecracker shrimp, garlic noodles, selection of fresh spring rolls, and shaken beef deserve a 4 but pho is maybe a 3 and their crispy spring rolls is probably a 2. Spring rolls: They have a great selection of some traditional and some really Americanized spring rolls, but nevertheless, their spring rolls are great. My grandmothers and Vietnamese restaurant-owning relatives probably wouldn't recognize half of the spring rolls they sell here, but they're tasty. My favorites? The Spicy Asian (Chinese sausage, imitation crab, sriracha, jalapeno, some sort of crunchy stick) and the Enlighten me (this one's vegetarian). Pho: Average. This would not be the reason to come here, although I do get it from time to time. It's not the best, it's not the worst I've ever had. The broth is so-so, unremarkable. Also, I don't get cilantro with my veggie plate, which I think is really weird. Drinks: They have a great selection of fun cocktails. Starters: Get the firecracker shrimp with the garlic noodles. They go great together! Service: Hit and miss. Sometimes, things can be really slow, but lately, things have been pretty good.
We stayed here for Labor Day weekend . The hotel was very nice. The pool was nice and safe for my child  I was a bit disappointed because they didn't offer any coupons or free buffet like other hotels ... But did I mention the buffet was good for breakfast  the room was big and clean . AC WORKED perfect
Well, who doesn't like Eaton Centre? I sure do!We did Toronto for Thanksgiving 2017 and we had the obligatory visit to Eaton Centre for some shopping --specifically at Roots, and with the convenient exchange rate, this was a must for our visit.We had a quick bite for breakfast (food court is not life-changing, I should say) and then went on shopping. Roots was our first stop and they were having this massive sale. Got some things there. Then TNA, some sports store, and a couple of other things here and there.Place is clean, modern, well-lit, seasonally decorated, wide open spaces.Will I come back if I ever make it back to Toronto? Sure.
After all the reviews and social media posts I have been seeing about this place I decided to stop here during film festival week. This is definitely a neighborhood bar. The bartenders seemed to know everyone who stopped in and what they were drinking. The bartenders/staff were very friendly and welcomed me as soon as I walked in. I love how cheap the drinks are here! I paid $2.50 each for my vodka sodas and $7 for my huge chicken salad sandwich. I think this is a spot that everyone needs to check out at least once and I've heard the corned beef is stellar!
Very fast to go service. The pad thai is made from bigger noodles than i'm used to but had a very good flavor
Stopped in for a late afternoon lunch and was pleasantly surprised. We had wraps and waffle fries (add cheese) and everything tasted fresh and delicious. Beer selection is good and ice cold.
I came here based on the great reviews on Yelp. I have never had Georgian food before. I was mostly interested in trying the hachapuri (georgian pizza shaped like a boat with an egg on top). It is the coolest thing I have ever seen on yelp. So we got here on an afternoon to have some lunch. The restaurant just opened but there was already a party inside! The servers are really nice and really cute :o. Lol. Anyway, we wanted to get a hachapuri and some khinkali (georgian dumplings). There were no pictures on the menu, but even the photos on yelp were hard to distinguish the sizing and portion of food. Let me say upon arrival of our food I was shocked by how generous the portions were! The Khinkali dumplings each of them were like the size of a small person's fist. And the hachapuri was the size of a small pizza. Very filling indeed, even when sharing with a friend. We both loved the food. The khinkali pork and beef had some interesting spices...tasted very beefy and rich. I needed to cleanse the palate with some of their tangy dipping sauces from time to time. Their sauces are really tasty btw. They come as a complimentary appetizer with some hot buns on the side.The food was so memorable! I would love to come back to try some other Georgian dishes. I think though, the place could use some natural lighting, it is very dim inside.
So I was checking out the container park and seen this on the way out. I said to myself... self you need to try this out tomorrow since I was too full from drinks earlier. The next day returned at lunch and it was busy but fairly fast checked in and received a free soda. Stared at the menu for awhile because I was having a tough time on deciding which dog to get, they all looked so good! Finally went with The Godfather and it was very delicious. I would of never thought of some of the toppings going together like the mango with red bell pepper haha but with all the other goodness on there it did very well! Would gladly eat again. The only thing I'd change if I could would be to have a larger dog or even a sausage option Also had some friends loaded fries and chili cheese fries. I'd go with the loaded fries and add a little more sauce or hey mix the chili cheese fries with the loaded mmmmm
Amazing service. every time I go in I know what I want and they try their best to accommodate my needs and wishes. Always friendly. good people. although at times they don't quite seem to grasp the fact of that I know about mods and such. however all in all a great company great people who work there. And a great sense of humor. Also on a side note when I had to get my current mod fixed they helped me rebuild it to new specs with no charge as I brought my own materials (they had the tools I brought the wire and cotton.) It's a minimalist shop with little decoration. however it is clean and well lit and well stocked. Also they're more interested in making sure YOU have what YOU need than seeing you the most expensive items they have. My one minor complaint is that they sell yogurt flavored juice. *shudder* but other than that a great place to go if you're new to vaping and want to try it and or quit smoking.
Okay, to start off with, if you want to eat healthy, keep moving.  This is true southern comfort breakfast food and it was really good.  The staff even put up with two members of my party having a water fight in the middle of eating..
Good place to get a slice. Family run business. They also have some specials with salad and a drink! Add toppings on a slice and its a little more. Parmesan, Oregano, Red Pepper Shakes readily available.
The food was great. The service was impeccable. The aquarium in the center of the restaurant is amazing.
Solid pizza. Maybe slightly on the rich side but sometimes that's what you're looking for! Went for this when Pizzaiolo was closed last night and was very happy with the decision.
My boyfriend and I absolutely love this place! The location is right in the heart of Chinatown but it doesn't make you feel like it...like you're cramped in a small restaurant, touching elbows with the next couple. It's very spacious - you have options of sitting at the bar, nicely spaced out tables, or booths accommodating large groups. We're addicted to pho hence our regular check-ins here! This is one of our favorite spots in town. Pho Tai Nam is my go-to dish to order. The secret is in the broth and it is delicious. My boyfriend, on the other hand, loves to mix it up. He likes the Pork Belly Buns, Hot Pepper Wings, and always has room to devour those Crispy Egg Rolls. I think the Vietnamese Coffee is to die for.I love Happy Hour! Monday thru Friday 3pm-7pm and Sunday 12am-3am. There are specials on drinks and appetizers.
Great food! Everything taste fresh and delicious.  It is a bit pricey but our family loves it. The outdoor area is great and kids love it because they can run around and play! Sweet potatoe fries are amazing!
Ended up going here after a really bad experience with another spa. We were seated immediately, asked if we wanted a drink, and received service right away despite being very busy. The chairs were almost all full. The lady doing our pedicures got right to work right away. Would definitely recommend this place to my friends.
We came here for the First Thursday @ AGO ($15 a ticket online). We went on time and was glad to see there was no ridiculous line out the door like at Friday Night @ ROM. The crowd seemed more diverse, but also on the trendier side. There was a cash bar and no need for buying vouchers in advance (i.e. nothing ROM bucks). The building itself is definitely beautiful, despite the corridors often being crowded. This is especially true near the entrance where the bar is set up and people tend to linger. This is probably because there are no food or drinks allowed for most of the areas, blocked off by a rope and security guards (for good reason, I suppose). There were also food dishes (~$5 a pop) and live music. I won't pretend to know about art, but the first two floors are great. They have wonderful Group of Seven & Emily Carr exhibits on the second floor. Also live paintings and performances throughout the first two floors. Great place to go for a date!
I love the texture of the fro-yo here at Menchie's more then any other fro-yo place. Most of all I like that when you eat it the flavors don't taste like powder. It is so smooth and velvety!! They have tons and tons of different topping more then any other place I have ever been to. I knocked off a star because when I walked in the guy behind the counter just left and went to the back and wasn't around for a good 5 mins. We had to wait for him to come back to pay.
Me and my husband love this diner, probably one of our favorites in plaza midwood. They changed their Black bean burger recently  (which was my favorite item on the menu) and it just isn't as good. But other than that, it's great service and the food is really good!
very awesome dive bar. the staff is super friendly. although we were their as tourists one of the things I liked about this place was that it wasn't flooded with tourists like the rest of the bars in downtown. we met a group of friendly locals and had some friendly bouts in billiards all night. good beers on tap. id definitely recommend the "mad &noisy IPA".
I've tried Red Mango, Melon, and Chocolate peanut butter so far and I haven't been disappointed!  The flavours are good, service is fast, size is convenient (I always get small.) I just wish they offered all drinks in the small size instead of just the classic ones.It's a great alternative to coffee/hot chocolate in the morning. I start around 10 every morning and since I don't like to eat breakfast, this is a nice way to make sure I do have something in my stomach before work.It is expensive (5.34$ small with tax) but I'm told they should be getting MYT Rewards soon so that should help and I know some other chains have a punch card option.
Mole sauce was amazing! Chicken was a little dry, but searously the mole sauce was good enough to eat with a spoon.Skip the fundido.  The waiter could not explain some of the items on the menu, which was funny. The hicima tostado was great!  so was the mango crab salad.
Great food, great services. Suzzy was wonderful and attentive. We ordered a chile relleno omelette and cinnamon raisin French toast I'd say it was a 3/5 French toast was completely brown on one side omelette had too much sauce. It was decent food but awesome service by Suzzy.
One of my favourite lunch/sandwich spots. Usually packed for good reason but staff is usually friendly. Their vegan sandwiches are delicious. Can't speak much on their coffee as I've only had an Americano there but it was satisfactory.
Ruth Chris Steakhouse is by far one of the best restaurants I've been to in Pittsburgh. Ironically, my family and I avoid eating red meats whenever possible, which seems awkward when dining at a renowned steakhouse. That being said, no red meat platters were placed in front of us.The service here is impeccable. The waiters are amazingly helpful, poised, and polite. The food we ordered arrived fairly quickly. I got the lobster mac 'n' cheese, my dad ordered chicken, my sister got medium rare fish, my mom ordered a salad, and as sides we all ordered cream spinach and mashed potatoes with garlic. All the foods were flavorful and seasoned and prepared perfectly. As we moved onto dessert, the choices were hard because everything sounded extremely delectable. I got the Chocolate Sin Cake, which the espresso and chocolate mixed together was mouth-watering. My sister ordered the Strawberries and Cream. The strawberries tasted fresh and sweet. My parents split an amazingly tempting apple cobbler served warm with vanilla ice cream and overflowing with delicious apples
A great "box" Chinese restaurant with cheap prices and your typical selection. The vegetables I've had are always fresh. The staff seems like mostly like a bunch of kids run the place but its all good. I've never had problems and would recommend it to try for take-out.
I have been a loyal customer of Little Dumpling for years, and I typically order take out. I love the Chicken Pad Thai and Crab Rangoon! Its well spiced with chili oil and generous with the meat. Delivery is fast, and has friendly drivers. My gf likes the Lemon Chicken with sauce on the side and eggroll for starter. It's our local Chinese go to, give it a try...you won't be disappointed!
Been coming since opening week,  been several times.  Tasty fast food, quality ingredients.  Love the couscous, pita bread, falafel, baklava.  Like the bowls with the choices of sauces.  Tasty chips also.
I just are here and everything was fine. I had a two piece Classic Meal, all white, Extra Crispy with mashed potatoes and cole slaw. The drive thru service was quick and polite.
Came here with a group of friends for a night out.Had a good experience from beginning to end.We were boring with our choices of food and choose to get lamb, and chicken souvlakis. We were impressed with our choices. We each ordered an alcoholic drink. All of them were made well. Although it was a busy night, the service was still great. Attentive but they did not overdo it. The food was delicious, great portions and good quality. Solid authentic Greek place to add to the list of food restaurants in port credit! Check this one out :)
Anyone who is complaining about the Plaza Hotel has to be a hard-nosed, difficult curmudgeon...cause we got WAY more than we paid for! An excuisite room with a spectacular view of the Strip for just $30! Woulda' been 5 star...except I had booked a room with a Deluxe King Bed, and all they had was 2 Queens. I will come back!
Some of the best Laotian food I've ever had. Whenever I'm in Madison, I go here! Try the curry dishes! Prices are fair, service is great and the food is simply tasty.
We came here on a Saturday afternoon. I got the veggies with homemade ranch (I love ranch). And the boytoy got a double bacon cheeseburger. He said it was absolutely amazing! And he adores cheeseburgers. So I believe him. My veggies and ranch were exactly what I wanted. Don't worry, I had French fries too. And they were so good! I like to pretend I'm healthy while I drink excessively... haha... so the beer was cold, the food we had was great, and the service and atmosphere were great! We will be back for sure. Ps. They brought our beers in about 15 seconds? It was amazing!
Since I've moved to the Charlotte area I've been "a happy regular" at Roosters. I'm not the type to blow massive amounts of money on a haircut, however I'm not going to a $10 quick-cut huge-franchise chain either.In my opinion, the haircut is well worth the price. I've gotten cuts by I think everyone in the shop and I've never been disappointed. I've done both appointments and walk-in, either one no problems. You get offered a drink every visit, nice big comfortable chair, and great wash (I personally hate hairs all over my face and ears when I leave the barber chair and they do a great job of not letting that happen!)
Delicious food, good service, pleasant ambiance. Good vegetarian options. Cons: very loud, very busy.
Great little old school Italian restaurant. Food was good. Nothing special, but what we ordered was good renditions of Italian American restaurant standards.  Service was good. Price was a bit higher than expected for what I was getting, but not outrageously so.  Be a good date night place for sure...
Dined here with the family during our last visit to Vegas. Food is great! The waitstaff is extremely attentive and knowledgeable. A must restaurant to go to while visiting Las Vegas.I've always been a Bobby Flay fan and wanted to go here. The waiter was on point with his recommendations. He turned us on to the best margarita I have ever had. It's a Partida blanco margarita. It had fresh lime juice and agave for sweetener. It was amazing. So much in fact that I looked high and low to find that tequila upon my return to Jersey. Luckily I found it.We had a few minor temperature issues with the steak but they fixed it and even took it off the bill without me even mentioning it. That in itself will make me return there when I return. Now I'm hungry...
My rating is purely on the food and not on the service at all.  Every time I come into town for business I make it a point to stop here and eat because the food is outstanding. I had the Ahi tuna. This is the first time that I had Drue as a bartender and maybe he was just having a bad day but someone needs to explain to him that a smile and being friendly is all part of bartending. Everyone has a bad day but when your job involves customer service you have to suck it up and put a smile on your face.
Please note that I only came here for dim sum and have never ate from the menu.The entrance to this restaurant is met with 2 flights of stairs, and as far as I know there's no access for disability.I liked the atmosphere, calm, relaxing background music, and clean.We ordered hagao, siu mai, and lo mai gai. All of them were tasty and filled my stomach real fast.A great stop for a quick dim sum eat and it didn't cost a lot. I would highly recommend to come in early especially on weekends.
Food and drinks were absolutely delicious! Service was good and prompt. The decorations were cool but the tables were so close together it was almost impossible to have a conversation. We decided not to stay for an additional drink because we couldn't talk.
Loved the food here, portions were a little on the smaller side, but the food overall was one of the best for BBQ that we have tried. The brisket was excellent very tender and juicy and smoked just right we also got the chicken which was pretty good as well, we were a little disappointed that they didn't have beef ribs only pork because we go to BBQ places a lot and love beef ribs, maybe someday they can add them to their menu. The sides were ok but very small like I had mentioned and the Mac n cheese was a little original not much flavor. I would definitely go back maybe for takeout but the overall service was horrible the woman at the window was extremely rude to every customer and very irritated with everyone, we felt like every time we asked something we were a bother and she said you cannot even sample the sides or sauces and just the whole way she proceeded to take our order and others was with an attitude when we came up to order wings as well it was like wecouldnt even ask any questions, because she didnt want to be bothered,  poor customer service and business ownership. To add to this...the wings we tried  at the spare of the moment, garlic parmesan and they were excellent, some of the best I have had, or maybe it was the sauce?
This place is great! The staff is nice and the mechanic explained everything he did to the car and they also have great prices I would definitely come here again!!! Yay I am so happy my car works great now
J'y suis aller pour notre dîner de fin d'année avec mes collèguesUn superbe restaurant avec un ambiance très décontracté. La cuisine était excellente ! Les choix était intéressant également et les cuissons étaient parfaites. C'est un ''apporté votre vin'' alors un point de plus ici !Un peu cher par contre pour un midi, mais la qualité était au rendez-vous !
The rolls are delicious, good mango lemonades, and their country fried chicken was awesome. Also got a minibucket nutter butter which was great. And we got to keep the little bucket! So cute!
Loved the expansive collection of this museum. The Canadian artists, particularly the group of seven and James Wilson Morrice, were my favorite. The price was a bit over the top. For the generally collection (the two two floors were shut), and the two special collections about Ai Wei Wei and David Bowie, it was 40 per person.
We came here on a recommendation from some other foodie friends knowing we were Top Chef fans & loves Booby Flays style of cooking. It did not disappoint! I had the blue corn lobster tacos as a starter followed by the pork tenderloin, both were fantastic but I was stuffed! The serving size was HUGE for me, especially knowing I was going out later...big meals kinda make me wanna zzzzzzzz... anyways. Yum. The place is really good. The only negative, and this just my personal preference, was that it was very noisy. So if you are looking for a quiet, romantic spot for dinner? This isn't it. But go with an appetite when you do!
We partook of Chima this past Sunday at the end of restaurant week. Our first reservation choice wasn't Sunday but it was the only time we could get in. This was my first visit to Chima and my boyfriend's second visit. We arrived right at 7:30 and waited about 10 minutes before our table was ready. The restaurant was pretty easy to find and valet parking was complimentary.  We ate upstairs which I understand is less crowded than the downstairs dining area.The restaurant was right downtown Charlotte and the decor was modern, sleek and warm. First portion of the three-course meal was the salad bar, which in my opinion is enough for a meal. I don't know if they offer that alone but it might be a good idea if they ever decide to open for lunch. It also might be appealing to those of us who can't justify spending fifty bucks there outside of restaurant week since the meal is just way too much for the average person to eat in my opinion.The salad bar was very decadent and consisted of beef carpaccio, caprese salad, shrimp salad, a nice variety of greens, melon, soy beans, chicken salad, waldorf salad and few others items. There was also a wide variety of dressings, sauces for your meats, a couple different types of rice, three or four different soups, and bread with butter. After visiting the salad bar you sit down and the men come by with a variety of meats. My favorite was by far the top sirloin; second favorite was the parmesan pork tenderloin. It was pretty salty but still good. I also had the filet mignon wrapped with bacon but it was pretty fatty for a filet. I also enjoyed the flank steak and chicken. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ribs. I also had the swordfish, which I found to be a bit dry, and the lamb, which was too gamy for my liking. While we were being served the meats we had other side items being served to us. I forgot to mention the appetizer, which were doughy Parmesan rolls with a turkey dip, very good. The side items were fried bananas and some fried potato sticks, which tasted like hash browns. I personally didn't care for the fried bananas but I don't like bananas much anyway.Believe it or not we ordered dessert. It didn't come with the meal but I wanted a little something sweet. So we ordered the crème brulee. It stole the show. We finished that off in about five minutes. Maybe the best crème brulee I have ever had. Service was very good and I was pleased. I enjoyed the experience but I wouldn't go back for myself. It's just way too much food and I would rather savor one entree instead of be constantly paraded with more food while I am trying to eat what I have. I would love to go back just for the salad bar and dessert though. They had a lot of other choices for dessert as well. They don't give boxes for your leftovers either so eat up!
Oh boy! I love veggie restaurants! Especially Asian influenced.  I usually try the General Tzo Chick'N when I try out a place for the first time. Even not so good that is stomach-able ^_^. Soo delicious, lunches are priced right!  My only ding would be the soup was pretty salty. I'm a fan and will come back. They have a veggie meat ball that I'm curious about. I have a sunflower at home that has a delicious ball that tastes of cinnamon and cumin. Hard to find how to make so if soy and shiitake mushrooms are the real ingredients to what I have back home, then oh boy!!!Ok the bathrooms are single and clean for the populated traffic. Staff was pleasant and checked up on us.  Can't wait to see them again :)
I am very surprised at the bad reviews for this place. Me & my husband have been here 3 times & have been very much satisfied with the food. We always get take out so I can't review on the service, but the hostess up front is always nice & cheerful.
I was in Urbana, IL for a few days on business. I dined at two restaurants and this was one of them.The place was rather empty, but that's because it was Halloween evening.With that being said, the interior design is pretty cool but feels a bit cold. I had a couple of things on the menu. I had the halibut as my main dish and the california roll just for fun. I was very stuffed by the end of the evening. I liked both dishes.I think Ko Fusion needs to focus on one cuisine. It's trying to be everything to everyone. But what I had was tasty. The outside signage says 'Steak Pizza Sushi Seafood.' What the hell kinda combination is that? I'd go back if I was in town. :)
I have to say that my experience there was really great!!! To check in was a breeze everyone there was great I do recommend that you pay the extra 20 dollars for the renovated room. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 was because every way you turned the staffed tried to sell my boyfriend and I a time share. Dinner at the sushi restaurant was great well priced and the staff was attentive. We will definitely be back especially after all the renovations are done.
We went there to try this non Asian food restaurant right inside of Chinatown. We had the ribeye taco and also the pork and mushroom tacos. I tried two meat ones, both are ok, not bad but I feel it missing a bit seasoning. The baked or grilled spring onions are quite flavourful,but the portion is way too small! We paid 4or 5& for just 4 pieces of spring onions? That's just not funny.
Whenever I go to a specific type of restaurant, I seem to have a particular food to judge whether I might like a place.When I DimSum, it Ha-Gow.   Pub-Wings.  Italian - Penne Arrabiata.  Steak - NY Strip.  Sushi - California Roll...and Hakka...Chilli Chicken!I haven't been to a Hakka place in a while.  I used to go regularly to Wok of Asia when I was assigned to a long term project in the area.  Now that I'm stationed near Hakka Bros., it was great to find this place.As I mentioned, I like to try to the Chilli Chicken when I go to a Hakka place for the first time.  Ordered the CC and Soup special - $5.95+tax.The Hot and Sour soup was thick and a decent portion for a combo soup.  However, though it had some heat, it didn't have any real flavour.  Added a bit of salt and that helped.The Chilli Chicken portion was generous.  Not a lot of times that I don't finish my meal but I had to give up as I was going into a food coma!  The chicken was moist and the batter was still crispy when served.  It had nice heat with about the right amount of peppers.  The rice however was a bit of a mess as it smelled off.  The trials and tribulations of going there well after the lunch hour.  If I had to rank my CC experience, it would be Wok of Asia first, this a close second, Asian Garden, then Hakka 77...dead last...Hakka #1.Nonetheless, this place is a good find.  Without the Yelp App, it would have been another fast food lunch bag letdown.  Probably back there even tomorrow to try the second dish I like at Hakka...General Tso-Toe-Tow-So-or whatever (they really need to figure out a standard way to spell his name!).
Sushi at a Chinese restaurant?  I wasn't brave enough to try it, but I was impressed that there was a decent sized sushi menu offered to me... I ordered 'carry-out' a couple of times from Autumn Court and had decent meals, so tonight I decided to get the full experience and eat in the restaurant.  The hostess (who turned out to be my waitress as well) was attentive.  Not the friendliest, but she was fine.  I guess I would've liked to see her smile, but aside from that, service was perfectly attentive.  Several other people checked on me as well (I assume the GM or owner).I went with the egg flower soup to start and the mixed vegetable with tofu dish.  The soup was kind of bland.  I thought about sending it back, but I added a little soy sauce and kept my mouth shut... The entree was delicious... the tofu was golden brown and the perfect texture and the veggies were crisp and delicious.  I will order carry-out and even return to dine-in at Autumn Court again... maybe next time I'll even get a smile!
I have been in twice. The first time I got a simple glazed donut which I found underwhelming. My friend got a cookie sandwich thing and she wasn't a fan. We decided to give it another shot - we both got a flavor of filled donut and they were amazing! I will definitely return to try out some of their unique flavors and filled donuts. However, I will stay away from the plain glazed.
I love this place! I have been four times now and it is fresh, consistent and reasonable. I usually get the Spicy maki-combo and a wakame salad.  Plus, the owners are so very cheerful! The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because I would like to sit in and eat, and save on so much packaging.
Thank goodness for this place. I did not pack a dress, and it would have cost an arm and leg elsewhere in Vegas. I bought shoes and a dress for around $70. The shoes were a mess, the clothes were a mess, but with that many tourists having their first Ross experience.... It was kind of clean when you think of it that way. There were some rude international folks that feel like they have to fight you for bargains, i.e. grab items that were in front of you... so be prepared for that! Its pretty busy in there every time I go, and the line is also long, but worth it to save some money. They usually have a good amount of cashiers working. Some of the staff is really nice, others are not. Some are just terrible. There was this one lady putting a basket of sunglasses on the rack. A customer next to me, reached across me to grab into the basket. The employee told her she couldn't do that and that she would have to wait for her to set them on the rack. Which I understand, because the glasses would be all over the floor if the customer went diving into them. The funny part ....as the employee was filling the rack, she took her time and spun the freshly placed sunglasses towards the wall, away from that lady. The customer looked SO mad. I kind of smiled at her while we waited and she glared back at me. It was a funny situation, and I don't blame the employee for doing that but its not the best customer service you get there. Overall I was happy with my experience and purchase there and definitely would return.
This was my second time at this salon, I book with Trinity.  She is truly a professional, she listened to what I wanted, looked at the picture I brought, reconfirmed along the way through the steps.  Trinity is awesome.  I love the Salon it is clean, friendly and has great product.  I will return again and again.
Just ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and onion.,,really good pizza!! Spinach dip is also really good! Good place to go!! Yum!!
Pretty good.. had sweet and sour chicken.. i had to have them reheat the food but otherwise it was tasty
Bobby flays place is exactly what'd you'd expect from the southwest flavor king. I ordered the corn tortilla soup and man it was spicy and delicious!  For the main I got the spiced pork tenderloin sandwich. Definitely a must try. You have to come to his place with the expectation that everything will have his signature kick to it. I came on a Tuesday day time and there was still a small wait for lunch. I recommend calling in a reservation if you're dinning in for dinner.
With so may good places to eat in Vegas our dinners were booked, so to sneak in Bouchon we went there for brunch. I ordered the Croque Madame, toasted ham and cheese on brioche topped with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  The sandwich was just as you'd imagine, but the egg and mornay sauce add so much to it.  The mornay sauce was rich and velvety smooth.  The egg enhanced the sandwich the same way adding a fried egg to a cheese burger does.It also came with pommes frites, or in english, "french fries", and a whole mound of them!  So much that a table of 4 could not finish them.   They were really good, maybe in the top 5 fries ever.  After all who makes French fries better than the French?  Well maybe McDonnalds... Wait, did i just compare Bouchon to McDonnalds?  Anyway they were light, crispy, and delicious.We also ordered french beignets.  I was expecting something like the beignets in New Orleans where they are light and covered with powdered sugar.  These were a bit heavier and both resembled and tasted like cake doughnuts.  Although they were warm and probably the best cake doughnut I've ever had, it was not what i was expecting and was a bit of a let down.  I would have been fine with it, but when it was brought to the table they said, "your doughnuts."  Let's get one thing straight here, I'd gladly pay $8 for 3 french beignets, but NOT for 3 doughnuts!  Pros:  Great bakery items especially the Croissant, Tons of delicious french fries, delicious meals with great sauces. Cons: Beignets are okay but not the type you find in New Orleans, definitely not worth $8 for 3 the size of "Hostess Donettes".   Advice:  There is a embosser next to the entrance with some pieces of thick card stock.  you can emboss the bouchon name in it for a keep sake.  not sure if you're supposed to do it or what it's for but i did, and now use it as my bookmark.
If you're looking to dine Vegas style, Joel Robuchon is the place to be.We came here with 10 friends on the night before New Years Eve. While it's not the most adventurous meal of my life, it did delight me with all my favorites -- a black truffle trio, osetra caviar, foie gras, duck, Santa Barbara uni, etc... and an incredibly beautiful 3 course dessert.  It is culinary perfection in the most romantic setting. What more could you ask for? More Caviar? Well, you probably won't because their caviar portions are the most generous I've seen! Bonus points for them there. I could describe the food, but if you're a foodie like me, you already know the drill -- The food is good so I will not describe every dish. You get everything that is absolutely delicious, cooked to perfection, and plated beautifully.  And the ambiance, while some may say is gaudy, is very thoughtful and there is much to appreciate about it. The walled garden in one room, a beautiful welcoming bar in another, etc.... there is much to appreciate about this place and Joel Robuchon's attention to detail.However, a few things that needed improvement or felt a little strange: 1) One of the things I found tacky was the $15 water charge.  If you're charging over $800/person for the meal plus pairing, water charges should just be waived or just tacked onto the food charge. I see this as a terrible faux pas, especially for a three michelin star restaurant.2) Someone was getting on-the-job training at our table. This would be OK but out of the three times I got up to use the restroom, I only found my napkin folded twice.3) Joel Robuchon has a fantastic limo service where they pick you up in a limo to the restaurant... but it was not available during "the holidays" much to our large party's dismay. It would've been nice to know this when we booked our table.4) The soft-boiled egg seemed more like a hard-boiled egg to me. It was cooked on a higher-temperature side of things.5) The wait staff is not in sync (all plates put down at the same time, etc...) like they usually are at this level of dining.The menu was about $600/person, and my boyfriend and I split the most basic wine pairing for $250. At that price point, it better be perfect. And it was. But perfection comes with a downside -- it's that I think Joel Robuchon played it very safe. If you're a hardcore foodie, I think you may find the menu slightly on the 'safe' side (and in that case try é by José Andrés).  But if you're here for the Vegas experience and want to try a solid 3-star menu with a fantastic ambiance, this is the place to go. Highly recommend. Definitely more of a 4.5 stars from me.
out of all the cafes in this town, this was one of the best but also one of the priciest. had a very good new york steak here for 22 and the chicken Marsala was very good too. the apps, we had a southwest egg roll that was surprisingly spicy and  good, i like it hot too.all in all i would spend that much on something else where, but i did enjoy the meal.
I decided to stop in a couple days ago to get my banh mi on. After watching the defeat of the NOMNOM truck on Great Truck Race on Food Network, my tummy was curious and I've heard from Cali friends that this was the go to spot. FYI I'm pesco-vegetarian and because my boyfriend will do whatever I tell him to, he also does not eat meat, so my selection was between the avocado, sardine and vegetarian. After standing in front of the menu for what seemed to be the greater part of my day I decided on the latter two. I honestly did not expect to get how much I did for only $6. I've never been a sandwich person but this beats Subway any day. I love Vietnamese food and flavors and here they were in a convenient little bread pocket, which they make fresh on the daily. I will definitely be coming back, maybe to try some of the other offerings.
MTO Cafe: Made To Order.This is a nice, new, cheery spot located across the street from City Hall, on the first floor of the parking garage right there. A friend and I met for a meal on a recent Friday at 11:00am and were seated right away. The menu offers up breakfast and lunch items, many of them comfort food style: chicken n waffles, grilled cheese sandwiches, as well as a Fat Elvis sandwich (French toast, Nutella, bacon, peanut butter, and strawberries).  The 'made to order' part applies to the breakfast, where you can choose a wrap, omelet, or skillet form for options that include avocado, salmon, chicken, chili, and broccoli.I had the MTO breakfast:  3 eggs, chicken sausage, 2 slices of turkey bacon, 2 slices of regular bacon, 2 slices of Spam, mash browns, and toast.  Opting for egg whites and sourdough toast, it was a larger than normal meal for me with all of that meat.  The bacon was made just right, but the Spam wasn't cooked long enough and the turkey bacon was buried underneath the eggs and just limp. The chicken sausage was good, too.  The mash browns are a combo of mashed potatoes and hash browns and I enjoyed those very much.  I left one slice of Spam and half a slice of chicken sausage on my plate, full from all that food.  I used my Yelp check-in offer of free Walnut Tossies when we got there.  Our server had never seen it before so she took my phone over to another waitress who cleared it with her boss.  Said boss, Ben, came over to our table and introduced himself as one of the owners.  Apparently I was the first person to use the check-in so he asked how it worked on the phone app, I showed him, and he was very happy.  I was happy with the Walnut Tossies at the end of the meal for dessert, 3 little mini-pastries of walnut and brown sugar.  Overall, it was a good experience, especially since my friend treated me to this meal.  I don't spend $14 on breakfast on a normal basis, but I'll come back to try some of the lunch items.  MTO Cafe is a cool addition to Downtown and nice to have as a dining option there.
Its a Dive yes, however I love it there. Once every few months I go there. The food is pretty good and members get free or half off diner coupons. The budget loves that. I found the workers friendly, I have been going there for many years. There is a non smoking area that is just that!!!
My family met here tonight to grab some food and catch up. There were 10 of us and they accommodated us on the patio. Vanessa was our server and she was fantastic. She helped us with the menu and was super funny. She handled us all ordering at different times like a champ. I've waited tables for 20+ years and needy tables are the worst but she was not bothered by us at all. When I come back, I'll definitely ask for her again. Ok, now the food. I had the bbq burger, cooked to perfection with sweet potato waffle fries. It was absolutely delicious. Mom had a chef salad, uncles had a club like sandwich and a french dip. Sisters had prime rib sliders and a chicken sandwich. Nephew got the philly cheesesteak. Everyone was happy with their choices. We also got all 3 cheese, meat and fruit boards which were 7 bucks each! Loaded with cheeses, all kinds, salami, prosciutto and  fresh fruit. A-MAZ-ING. I can't wait to go back! Only complaint was that stupid jenga game. They should put a rug underneath it so it's not so loud when it falls.
Very good apple fritters and buttermilk bars! The apple fritters are nice and crispy with big chunks of apples. The buttermilk bar was so moist with just the right amount of sweet. The people were friendly enough. I think I still prefer lamars for location and atmosphere, but the donuts are equally delicious.
Cuisine is outstanding - unique Southwestern creations with excellent flavor.APPSHighly recommend the tiger shrimp & roasted garlic corn tamale - shrimp was juicy and the corn was a surprisingly perfect complement. Pass on the blue corn bbq duck pancake, taste was fairly salty/heavy and one-dimensional. MAINSChile crusted rabbit was excellent - serving portion is manageable, plated with toasted couscous (excellent pairing) and fava beans. Rabbit was perfectly roasted and flavorful, slightly gamey. There are only 3 steaks on feature - black Angus NY strip, coffee-rubbed filet mignon and bone-in chipotle-glazed ribeye. Coworker enjoyed the coffee-rubbed filet.SIDESCauliflower gratin with roasted poblano was delicious and creamy. Double-baked potato with horseradish, scallion had a subtle horseradish note, which was a good complement to the meal. Service was attentive and helpful with recommendations. Ambiance is fairly average.
Fat G. coming from Ayrsley. Having got off the plane in Charlotte and looking for a place to eat in town, we came across a place that looked nice and different and was actually open Sunday night.Harry's is a combination bar/restaurant in the town of Ayrsley. Surrounding the area are trees, small office buildings and the highway, along with some local businesses and such. When you go in, there is someone to greet you. Directly in front of you is the bar along with some small seating on the left. On the right are some booths and tables for larger parties.They have a small menu for food, but a larger menu for drinks and cocktails. I ended up ordering their burger of the day, which came with fries and one other side that I can't remember right now. The burger was big and satisfying and so were the fries, albeit a bit salty.What surprised me was the cleanliness and the amount of service they gave us. The server checked in on us multiple times and so did the manager. I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, but in light of this review, I would consider it a positive aspect to mention.I wish I were able to review other food spots in the area, but even considering this was our only place that we went to eat out, it was a good choice. The place is good for watching the game, or hanging out with people.
My son has just chided me for never writing a good review. So that I become more credible, let me state that the dinner I had last night at the Ocean Club was fantastic.My waiter, Michael was very entertaining and attentive. The tuna tartare appetizer was very large and it was very high quality.The Boston chowder was good, i take off a point for too much bacon and not enough clams.The Mediterranean Bronzino was perfectly prepared and totally delicious.I tried some of their famous butter cake, it was as a good of a desert that I have ever tried, just too full to eat much of it.If you are in Scottsdale, don't miss this place.
I've gone several times for a pedicure and they do a great job. This is a no frills kind of place, but I don't mind that. If you are intimidated by the cheese grater tool used on your feet, I totally relate. But don't be scared, just say good bye to your rough skin.
My fiance and I are both restaurant workers and yelp is the bane of our existence but after our experience today, I downloaded the app just to tell my story. We were attending a concert and really wanted to try barrio for the first time. There was a tribe game and we waited 35 minutes for a table. I had been told that the portions were small so we ordered 6 tacos a person for 3 people. FYI unless you are a glutton the portions are lovely. We definitely over ordered. The guacamole was fresh and bright and delicious. I could definitely taste (and feel) the liquor in the drinks. The server was on point and had plenty of help. The food took close to an hour. We had to leave. I should've allowed more time for dinner. When we informed a manager of our dilemma, he had our tacos boxed and comped therm. All 16. You can imagine it was substantial. I was blown away. In this business, sh!t happens and it's all about the recovery. Nice recovery guys. The tacos were SUPERB and we really appreciate the gesture. We'll be back soon and with ample time for the experience. Thank you again
One of my must stops in T.O. is Congee Wong! My MIL recommended Keung's instead this time to try and because she's such an awesome foodie - we went to check it out.We got congee (of course) in Lai Wan (very tasty) and Special (has liver chunks). The congee was really tasty and my hubby had an OMG moment over the flavorfulness of the special congee. We also got Chinese donut (very crispy), Singapore radish cake (not as good as Congee Wong, but decent), and crispy noodles (ok). My GIL says that usually the meals come with a free drink and after a simple asking of the waitresses we got free hot drinks (milk tea, ying yang milk tea, coffee, and lemon tea)! The prices are very reasonable (much cheaper than in the States for sure). Restaurant itself was clean and I can't wait for the next time I'm in town for more!
Nicholas Coffee is an awesome location right near market square downtown which draws quite a crowd! I walked in and was overwhelmed by the entire wall featuring different coffee and tea flavors. I ordered a skinny vanilla latte and my friend tried one of the tea options to which she said was the best tea she's ever had! I enjoyed my latte, but I was disappointed that there was no where to sit down inside. So, keep in mind that this is a to-go kind of place, but a perfect one for a quick stop on your commute to work downtown.
Pulled pork dog with cheese and hot sauce made for a good snack. This place has replaced the old sandwich shop and is under the same ownership as the butcher joint next door. There's reasonably priced breakfast and sandwiches too so I'll have to come back sometime.
My sister, my brother in law and i went here last night and it was wonderful!  Pete our server was terrific!  He was fast, nice and had an awesome margarita suggestion!  Only issue we ran into was that the fajitas where a little salty and my jalapeno mashed potatoes didn't have the cheese melted on it but everything else was delish!! Totally coming back and hope we get Pete again, that guy is the bee's knees plus his beard would make any man jealous :)
Good food...authentic stews...rather small portions...but if you are in the mood for good Korean BBQ in Vegas this is a good place.
My wife and I stayed at the Plaza over Labor Day weekend. This was our second visit since their remodel. We were a little apprehensive given some of the bad reviews I read prior to this visit so we actually booked a comped room at the Orleans as back up. We chose to pay for the Plaza because we prefer to stay downtown. I am happy to say we didn't need to use our back up room and stayed all three nights at the Plaza.Check was a breeze even though we were there at 1pm, they had 5 people working so the line moved very quickly and since I had picked up a $2 Coors before getting in line I was fine with the wait. Robert at check in was very pleasant and since I explained my apprehension to him he worked very hard to make sure we had a good room. He really wanted to make sure we had a good floor but couldn't get us a King bed on the floor he wanted for us so I took the two queens which isn't a real big deal. I couldn't be happier with his service.We were given a very nice room in the south tower on the 21st floor with a nice view of the strip. The room was as we remembered from our last visit. The furnishings are nice and in good shape. the bed's were comfortable but the pillows were a little lacking. The room was clean and believe me we checked thoroughly before unpacking. The room is good size for Downtown. The only things I would have liked the room to have would be a coffee maker (we brought our own instead) and a refrigerator (which is rare downtown except at the Main street Station). The floor we were on was quite and didn't smell of smoke. In fact I think in the three nights there I only saw one other person on the floor. Maid service was always prompt and thorough. She even left a couple extra waters for us each day (probably due to a nice tip every morning).The Casino at the Plaza is ok. We played some slot machines and the electronic crap machine a lot. Drink service was good. We mainly play Blackjack though and I don't care to much for the tables there. We prefer the double deck 3/2 at the Cal. We did play one evening with some of the Girls around the dancing stage. Even though they pay 6/5 and use auto shufflers, which I hate, the girls were actually very funny and we had a good time. We did play at the craps table a few times and the dealers were all very nice and friendly.We saw a couple of comedians at the comedy club one night. The tickets were a little overpriced for the show, even with the 2 for 1 coupon, but we had fun and didn't feel to bad about doing it. The drinks at Z bar while we waited for the show to start were great.Island Sushi is a nice little place, prices are great and the food was very good. the fish tasted fresh and clean. The sizes were a little small but given the price I cant complain to much we just ordered more. Pop up Pizza is amazing especially at 1 or 2 am after drinking vodka and playing cards all night. The Mexican place in the food court has a great breakfast burrito.All in all a nice trip especially since I am a rate watcher and got all three nights over the weekend with resort fee for $128 total. The Plaza is perfect for downtown stays. Right there for all the action but not so in the middle of it that it is crazy and loud like the D. It was nice to walk thru all of the noise and madness of Freemont on a Saturday night to come back to the Plaza and leave all of that on the other side of the street. We will be back for sure.
Two simple things equalling one great little hole in the wall on State - amazing sandwiches, and amazing beer selection.This was the only place nearby with relatively affordable food where I could get my favorite craft beer this winter, and in the process, I ended up trying their breakfast sandwiches. It is, hands down, the best I've ever had. Golden, liquidy, white hot egg yolk, local sausage, and a buttery, crisp bun that had obviously been toasted on the griddle. Amazing. Only downsides are, as it's a state street place, it can be loud and obnoxious if you go in during games on the weekend. Not a place to eat and study, to be sure, but a great place to grab a lunchtime bite. I have yet to come by in the late evening, but I imagine it's perfect for those who like better than average food with their brew, something sadly lacking on most of State.
Good service and overall pretty good and there was many items you can choose. My mom likes it so we come here often.
My second visit here was much better because I ordered the right dishes this time I think. The carbonara pasta was pretty decent and the caprese salad was delicious once again. The naked mozarella was awesome and very unique. This place is a solid 4/5 as long as you avoid the spaghetti and meatballs (overly salty) and garlic fries (overly sour). The service was great and the atmosphere is pretty nice too.
Yummy! Great selection of ice cream, nice outside spot to sit and friendly staff. And who doesn't love their free ice cream day?!?!
Beer flights and food were amazing here!!  We had a very cool server and the atmosphere makes you want to stay and drink several beer flights!  Best BBQ in Chambana!
This place was packed with corporate power lunch peeps! Right when we sat down, they brought us salad - I love instant munchables. We had the Tom Ka Gong (shrimp?) soup with a level four spiciness. Now, I have a really really high spice tolerance, and a level four knocked my socks off! I was weeping with hot chili joy (eek - bad description, but you get the point!). The soup had a small amount of coconut in it, but was not heavy and rich where you cannot eat anything else. I chose the red curry chicken from the lunch menu at a level 3 spiciness - that was a perfect amount of heat for me! Even though the place was packed, our food came quickly and was piping hot. Great experience! We will be back!
I'm really new to all this, but always like to try new things.  Makes life more exciting. But I digress...Went with a friend and we both ordered Thai Curry, which consists of veggies and tofu in the curry paste I believe.  I was in the mood for rice noodles and had that added and replaced the tofu with textured vegetable protein (TVP), along with extra spicy.  Like, hot hot. :) The TVP takes some getting used to.  For me personally, I liked it at the beginning but not as much at the end.  It was very different for me but the dish itself was yummy and had a light curry flavour.  Fresh peppers, onion, cabbage, etc.  The spicy was light for my taste.  It might have been the fact that I asked for them to add more stuff to the dish to make it spicy, but it kept leaking over the side onto the table.  Had to keep mopping it up with a napkin.  For dessert I ordered vanilla bean ice cream made from coconut milk. Couldn't go without a double chocolate chip vegan cookie.  Kind of funny but I envisioned the ice cream sitting on top of the cookie and never mentioned it, but that's how it was brought to the table.  Crazy.  Like they read my mind.  Staff were really friendly and attentive as well.  Cute little place to visit.
this is probably in my top 3 favorite bars in montreal. they typically have metal playing and they have awesome décor. very cool paintings on the wall that are all for sale. the bathrooms appear to be a wreck and are completely covered in graffiti and stickers, however its actually very clean. the only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars is that the beer selection is pretty terrible. they really only have light beers which really doesn't cater to the taste of me or any of my friends. also the bouncers seem like theyre just constantly looking for a reason to kick someones ass which tends to make me feel pretty uncomfortable. the guy at the door was nice, it was just the 2 pacing around constantly that seemed to be giving everyone "make my day" type of look.
Hotel exceded our expectations. Beds were VERY COMFORTABLE. Room was clean. Missed with TV channels but that was snafu with Time Warner Cable digital conversion. Smoking rooms need to be all on ONE FLOOR FORTHWITH! Owner take notice. We as non-smokers don't want to smell those carcinogens for one instance! Front desk staff lead by Aaron and Kati were a joy to converse with. Deana (Dean-ah) was a tremendous host at breakfast. She was a good conversationalist and assisted in anything we asked. Overall we would recommend this hotel and would stay here again.
We just tried Kami for the first time today. The food was awesome. My husband got a Bento Box and I had the House Special Mei Fun. I would say my Mei Fun was some of the best I've ever eaten!  The atmosphere is nice and the staff is friendly. Nice to know we have a good Chinese Thai Sushi restaurant right in our backyard!!
I'm really not sure what to compare Phnom Penh to seeing that this is the first time that I can remember trying Cambodian food.  So my 4 stars are taking in the assumption that this is what it SHOULD taste like and that is delicious, minus the white tea I drank, but that was my fault.  This past Saturday I had hit the West Side Market for some shopping and had brought my wife and our new work friend from India that some met at the Yelp party, Mridul.  We decided to come here because we wanted something unique, quick, and easy on the wallet.  I convinced them by showing Cara's review because the wife loves Pad Thai where I personally have never tried it.  Mridul was limited to chicken, chicken, or chicken so PP (Ha) was right down his alley.For the appetizer we tried the PP Spring Rolls (4) and we all thought those were fantastic.  The peanut dipping sauce went perfectly with the fried chicken / veggie 'smaller version of egg rolls'.  The wife, as predictable as they come, went with the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai mild heat.  This was spot on.  Very tasty, I mean I could eat this 3 days a week for lunch.  It was weird for me to see the whole dish basically reddish orange with sprinkled peanuts and sprouts because I really couldn't tell the difference between the noodles and the carrots.....again, this is my first time here so I quickly realize what a rookie I was.  Mridul went with the Chicken Fried Rice, medium spice, with a scrambled egg inside.  This was really good too, a dish I would recommend if a rice dish is your desire.  I went with the Spicy Pork Pad Thai medium heat for 2 reasons.   1) I originally wanted the chicken but wifey beat me to it and 2) I wanted to see if there was a noticeable difference between chicken and pork, which upon tasting, there really was.  Although all dishes were great, we all decided that the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai was our favorites.  We also all decided that the heat needed to be upgraded to the medium level, not mild.  What a great first time.  I will be back and also want to try Pad Thai somewhere else to see how it compares.  Very cute place, and really reasonable.  Be forewarned though, they only take cash.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere as we'll the free bull rides! Music was great and they had a good mic of two step vs. lines dancing so everyone could join in
When I want to treat a guest out to korean bbq I usually stay away from all you can eat mainly because of the quality and the service of the restaurant. My favorite was hobak before 8oz came along. It really depends on what you desire for your meal.If you want pretty good meat then I would tend to lean to hobak. However what I really like about 8ounce was for multiple reasons.1. It takes reservations 2. It's super clean and modern3. The staff are way more friendlier4. Side dishes wise, I like 8ozWe ordered the large combo because we had a party of 4 and it was plenty! One thing though... they do not allow another refill of the egg soufflé which happens to be my favorite but o well. They also have this dessert in a martini for 7$. Totally overpriced but it does taste good. We got both the chocolate and the green tea and it's like the snowflakes shaved ice.
Wolfgang Puck has like a million restaurants in Vegas and this one is similar to most of his other traditional Italian restaurants.  You're still able to order gluten free and whole grain pasta if that's what you prefer.  The restaurant was average and service was good but the real review here is for the dish i ordered.  We started off with a caprese salad and it was so good!  The buffalo mozzarella was just right and fresh.  But the memorable part was the entree.  I ordered the pancheta bucatini is it was so well balanced.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was so good with bites of pancheta was just right.  The portion was good and i ended up finishing the whole thing and even used the bread to soak up whatever sauce was left on the plate.  I would definitely go back for that dish again.Also, try and grab a seat outside the restaurant if you're looking for some entertainment and don't mind the noise.  I was here during dinner on a Friday night and the restaurant is right across from Light night club.  It gets interesting as the line gets longer and longer.  Vegas never disappoints.
I've been here twice now and the first time I came I had too much booz too fully apperciate their "Captain Hashbrown" breakfast burrito.. Well, I came again, sober this time, before catching a flick at the Rave theater.The Captain Hashbrown comes with hash browns, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion, green bell pepper, and egg. Sounds typical except for the onion and green bell pepper (which gives it a little depth and taste much better, as for typical breakfast burritos). But there are 2 key things that make me a fan1. The egg was cooked like a scrambled egg pancake But  the yolk wasn't cooked through (not runny yolk). This little detail was Brilliant!!2. I don't know if its the oil or seasoning of the hashbrowns, onions, green peppers but it has a certain goodness to it.. Again, that something brings it another step away from the norm.. Yum!The "Captain Hashbrown" to the Rescue!! This thing has my vote for sure!
One of the best subs I have had in awhile, honest.  Two people can easily split the medium fry BTW so dont go straight for the large, lol.
This is a great place for a Friday night with the ladies or a romantic date night. Get the Pork Belly Watermelon tacos and your life will change as you know it. The Brussels Sprouts are good too. The rest of the food was ok. This place is tiny, so the wait will probably be long. We waited 2.5 hours on a Friday night, but we just hopped over to Peculiar Rabbit next door and had drinks at the bar while we waited. They had a DJ and it felt very metropolitan.
I NEVER eat at Extreme Pita. After a bout of food poisoning many, many years ago...I have been so turned off by it. However, while visiting with my sister over the weekend we figured we should have a quick bite to eat before venturing out on our errands. We stopped in here as it was close by, and I was super impressed! We were greeted with friendly smiles. The place was SPOTLESS, including the bathroom, which I did use. We shared a veggie pita and it was really good, all of the ingredients tasted fresh and delicious. The only downside was the really strong onion smell on my hands after washing them repeatedly! I am happy to say that I am no longer afraid of Extreme Pita =)
I have found my new spot! I really wanted to give this place 5 stars I really did! Our server was terrible :(OK, so let me start... We ordered a Margarita that was made for 2 people to share. Yes I got drunk off it and yes I had a designated driver. It cost $25 for it but let me tell you it was strong and 48 ounces of heaven. It lasted my whole meal and that was with my man drinking off it too. The downside was as we watched the server at the bar making it she put a toothpick in her mouth that she then put cherries on and then put in our drink. GROSS! I'm totally getting that drink again it was too good. It was called "The Romance".We started with tacos. If you show your local ID after 6 pm Mon-Fri you get up to 4 tacos at 50 cents each. YES just 50 cents each! They were by far the best part of the meal. You can pick between chicken, beef or carnitas.I had the "Enchiladas Suizas" which was very good. It had Chicken, Tamatillo Sauce, Sour Cream, and Salsa. It also came with rice and beans that were full of flavor. I asked the server if it could be made with flour tortillas instead of corn but she tried arguing with me (her name was Yolanda) that Enchiladas cant be made with flour tortillas because it wont hold together. I finally said that I get them that way everywhere else and that is how I would like them. You will see by the picture I posted that they held up just fine :)  This dish cost $15.My man had the "Beef Fajitas" and he ate every bit of it. He didn't like that it had corn grilled in with the veggies but he will know for next time to tell them to leave that off. This dish cost $19.My mans Dad had the "Chili Relleno"  and this cost $16. He really enjoyed it.I totally recommend this place to anyone who loves margaritas and great Mexican food!!!!!
Cozy. Colorful. Lots of places to sit and work. Nice staff, good food and pastries - this is a great place to meet for a cup of coffee, sit and study, or grab and go.The coffee is absolutely fantastic and seems very consistent. They brew Ancora coffee, which is made right in Madison and very, very good. I rate their coffee better than Peet's or Starbucks, both of which are available nearby. Coffeebytes only opened a few years ago, but it's really flourished. Nice to see a local business doing well!
While I don't have a green thumb, I very much enjoy having low-maintenance plants around the house. It's nice to be able to walk into a bonafide garden centre and proclaim, "I just want a plant that's hard to kill," without the judgment! I've consistently found that the staff are helpful and courteous. What's best is that they stand by their plants with a 3 month satisfaction guarantee!
Oh how I would of loved to have a Sharky's while I was in my late teens and 20's, those days when I was into my full-blown organic phase. Actually my 78 year old SoCal father would love this place and I should recommend it to him since he is the quinoa and brown rice type Filipino- I'm serious here. Although I do not subscribe to an organic lifestyle anymore, I do appreciate it and do like having options.I came to Sharky's with a friend for an early dinner and ordered the Wild Salmon Lite Burrito. It's a wheat burrito filled with grilled wild salmon (not farmed), poblano organic brown rice, nori seaweed, cucumber, avocado and chili sesame seed oil. On it's own it is a bit bland but the salsa bar has a lot of different salsa to make that salmon burrito your very own. I tried different salsas and all of them were fresh and really kicked my burrito a few notches. The burrito was very filling and I ate only half of it but maybe I was talking to my friend and got distracted. Either way, Sharky's is a great concept for those who are looking to have an organic lifestyle and eat out or for those who would just like that option even if it is for a night!
Eden Nails & Spa has the biggest selection of gel colors that I've ever seen. They have so many different colors, glitter, gradients and really cute nail designs/charms. I'm happy that I found this place and made an appointment instead of paying double the price at the hotel I stayed in. A man did my pedicure, I didn't get his name, he was quiet, which was nice because I was able to relax.  Jenny did my manicure and she was very nice, fun to talk to and I hope she's working the next time I am in Las Vegas. I paid $70 for gel manicure with two small jewels and a regular pedicure. Several people have complimented my nails. I love it!  Tips:Open early (9:00 am - 10:00 pm)Nail designs are $5 for small and $10 for large
** 4.5 Stars **15 Word Summary: Best takeout Asian BBQ Pork, in terms of price, flavour, and quick takeout turnover     blah. (there it's 15 words)BBQ'ed food is already legendary as is but Asian style BBQ is some sort of mythical magical food expedition that you only get to experience if you're lucky and end up in a great restaurant.Luckily Kum Hong BBQ is one of those great restaurants. For $5.25 (CASH ONLY) you get a bed of rice with a good serving of juicy, delicious, amazing BBQ pork. In terms of price, flavour and texture, this BBQ CANNOT be beat (yes I challenge you to find a competitor!). However I have to say that this place really isn't much of a "restaurant". Tea is self-serve, there's no real dining space except for two small counters where you will be crowded by the lineup of people looking to fill their appetites with BBQ Pork, chicken, duck, etc. But I don't really care as long as they can keep the cost as low as this!
They have vallet service right in front of the door.  There is an oyster bar that's pretty small and a bar with music.  Nice menu with your standard seafood steakhouse type dishes.  The portions are nice sized and the crab fried rice as a side but it's a must try.  The fish is fresh, the steak nicely cooked and the desserts are great.  The bananas foster butter cake is my fave.
One of the places where I regularly take out-of-town visitors for a bit of nostalgia.  I especially like it during Christmas time as they decorate with period decorations to match the setting.
Good seafood, run down setting. Feels like an old bar. I had clam chowder, oysters, and spicy breaded shrimp. All were tasty, but the place was surprisingly empty for a Friday at lunch time.
This is a dive bar, it's not a college bar, but they can make some serious drinks. I love this place for karaoke and am embarrassed to confess to getting hammered accidentally (one drink at Cappy's is like 2.5 drinks at most other bars) and then trying to sing on multiple occasions.I never was too impressed with the food, but I never came here for the food. In fact, if you want good food within walking distance, go to some place like Harris Grill. But if you want good drinks and a good time in an environment that you can be laid back in, this is it.
I had the most lovely brunch at Bouchon during my Vegas Christmas wedding weekend. They offer very, very tempting brunch selections like chicken and waffles which looked mouthwatering. However, on this chilly Vegas morning I was slightly hungover and craving a more traditional (non traditionally late) breakfast. The "Breakfast Americaine" fit the bill. It came with crispy bacon, the best breakfast sausage I've ever had, eggs any way you can imagine them, and toasted buttery Brioche. In addition, it came with a breakfast pastry, juice and endless coffee.The chocolate croissant was the best chocolate croissant I've ever had, besides of course ones I've made in my pastry career and eaten fresh from the oven. The banana muffin was very moist and very delicious. The coffee was amazing and overflowing. Our waitress constantly warmed and refilled our cups. The service was great. I will be eager to return, next time for dinner!
It's looking a little rough around the edges but the iconic Sugar Bowl is still a favorite family event when in Scottsdale!
With a patio sheltered from the noise of 17th Avenue (and growing the herbs used in most of the dinner items) a very large dining space and a menu full of excellent scodellina options, Cibo is a great place for chatty drinks with the girls, chatty pasta with your family or pizza sharing with your date.Far from classic, Cibo takes Italian and turns it Calgarian with modern menu items, super-fresh, super local ingredients in dishes you can't help but share and hipster-turned-friendly servers willing to laugh with the guests.Cibo is bustling with the hippest of pizza connoisseurs laughing over fig and gorgonzola pie, the trendiest of the Uptown 17th sharing smoked black cod anitpesto and the coolest of Calgary shouting "you gotta try this!" passing house-made olives to the next table; all this activity set firmly on the backbone of simply great food.Cibo is fun, it's fun to hang out at for a drink, it's fun to talk to people there and it's a fun place to eat.T.
I joined in February and have been going 3-4 times a week. I absolutely love the boot camp style classes as well as the boxing and TRX classes. You know which ones are the most popular from how fast they fill up during sign-up time. The location is very convenient and the staff is mostly friendly. The other gym-goers mostly keep to themselves but are nice enough. I can't comment on the equipment since I only do the classes.It is pricey but worth it for a good workout, and I am seeing results! I'll definitely keep going, even in the summer time, because there's no way I can motivate myself to do weight training the way these guys can.
I've been coming here for a little over a year and love it. The girls are great and remember you and it's always very  clean and a happy atmosphere. My only feedback is for the girls that open to actually arrive to work on time. I usually come early in the mornings due the night shift that I work, and there have been four instances in the last month where I arrive around 8:15 on a week day and there is still no one here. I'll usually sit around and wait, but it's a little unfair to expect your customers to understand why a business isn't open on time. Today the girl got there around 8:15 and proceeded to lock the door behind her and didn't open it again until 830. Definitely love this place and would always recommend it but definitely think the openers need to be a bit more punctual.
I wouldn't consider this Aunthentic Mexican food, like my hubby does, but it sure was tasty.  Portions are nice and price is right.  I thoroughly enjoyed my Chimichanga. The enchiladas, especially the seafood enchilada was flavourful.  I think I was a little suprised to find myself really liking the food.  Its more American Mexican food but it was good!The service I recieved was 5 stars. Everyone was nice, I noticed there was mostly teenagers working there, and they were very friendly and helpful.  They checked up on us to make sure everything was alright, but they weren't overly obtrusive to where you feel bothered.  They put some restaurants to shame, and this isn't even that type of restaurant.  Definitely will be making this a regular place to go to.
Finally tried this bakery which has been on my list for quite some time during the Lawrenceville Cookie Tour.I'm giving it 4 vs. 5 stars because with all the hype and praise, I thought it would have more selections.  It's a rather small bakery with a small selection.  Mind you, what they do have and what I tried was very good; I was just expecting more.I had a chocolate éclair and some almond concoction.  Both were excellent.Staff is friendly, helpful, and efficient so if there's a line; be patient.  It goes fast and is worth the wait.
We came for a last minute BrunchWe were a group of 8 with kids and they didn't skip a beat in finding us a place to sit. Service was fast, friendly, and accommodating.  Food was good, drinks were great. We left happy.
Everything was fabulous! The service was wonderful! It was really nice to sit outside, enjoy a delicious meal, and some reasonably priced cocktails on this summer night!
You are greeted immediately upon walking in!  The hostess/server was kind and inviting.  You feel very welcome here, and the atmosphere is clean. The food is good and the yelp 30 for 15 is awesome!  Just know that kids eat free Monday thru Friday unless you use the yelp coupon.Overall a good place with excellent customer service! :)
We asked why theres no black bear dishes. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and said that bear meat is oily and gamey. she hunts. She was real fun. The tri tip dilis pretty good. Wished theyd gave more coleslaw though.
The existing reviews pretty much tell all...this is a beautiful, quiet space for any meal, but especially sweet outside on a sunny Spring day with fragrant flowers in the garden in bloom.  We had a pricey, but deliicious breakfast.  As far as "value" in Vegas goes (remember, you're in over-the-top Vegas), Bouchon makes my list.
This was my first experience with dim sum, and I was taken aback right away by the size of the restaurant. There was a massive lineup as well, we were a group of 5 and we waited about 20 minutes before being seated. Once seated, we grabbed pretty much everything that the servers offered us. That included shrimp, chicken feet, beef, greens, crab... I enjoyed every single thing I had besides the chicken feet. My only complaint was we asked for water and soda at least 3 times before our servers finally brought some, which was right about when we were already finished our meal. Would definitely go back!
Fantastic beer selection.  Both tap beer and bottled beer selection are expansive.  Lots of work to do here.  Giant pretzels are a nice Bavarian touch.  I'll be back for a visit soon.
I called and spoke to the owner, he was very genuine and concerned and sent me a pizza on the house the following night and it arrived exactly at 7:30 with apologies from the driver. Their pizza is so good that I am totally thrilled that they've fixed the delivery glitch so quickly.Kudos to you.
I really love this place!  I've been here many times on all different occasions.  They offer a great happy hour where I enjoy the chicken quesadilla and margaritas.The decor is just okay with nothing to brag about, however, the food and service is great!  The margaritas are perfectly made and the chicken quesadilla and enchiladas are delicious.  I also really like the salsa and chips!  When getting Mexican food, I usually go for enchiladas, tacos, or a trio plate, but If you can't already tell, I absolutely LOVE the chicken quesadilla here!  Give it a try!
Beautiful views of the lake, sat outside it was nice and relaxing the service was very slow. Ordered the chicken and waffles which were the highlight it was so awesome!!! The eggs Benedict on the other hand needs help. The salmon was extremely salty!!! But I was starving and I wasn't going to wait for another dish. Overall I would go again and try other things on the menu.
When ever a deli is around, I have to take advantage of the situation and have a bite. Came here for lunch during the 4th of July weekend. I had a BLT and the boyfriend had a pastrami (I think) and watched the Spain v. Paraguay World Cup game. Yummy food. I had to save the second half of my sandwich for later (I was full after the first half!) Great place... Kinda deep inside the casino but worth it!
Very nice surprise on our road-trip through Madison.  Enjoyed a vegetarian paneer with well balanced tomato based curry.  Huge portion of rice.  Naan was great.  Just wish they had larger cups for water.
Great place for a kids haircut, all of the techs are very good with kids, professional, friendly and very skilled. Love the online check in. One downside, the place is very dirty. The carpet is so filthy that my 10 month old grand daughters bare feet were black with dirt and covered with hair from just standing up to the play table for the kids. Carpet needs to be vacuumed and cleaned more often or get rid of it and replace with tile. Very unsanitary.
We eat out much of the time. Hardly ever go to Outback because it is always very busy. We had exceptional service. Waitress anticipated our needs and was very friendly. We both had the Mahi-Mahi with sun dried tomatoes. It was very good.
Cool place to check out if local or not. Shows mining tools and things that were found in Las Vegas along with the growing of Las Vegas. Really cool to check out not too big of a museum but it depends on how much you want to see.
I was, prior to visiting, a little disappointed that I never got a chance to visit D'Arcy McGee's before it was replaced by Bar Louie. After hearing from my employer and his brother-in-law that it was not such a great place, that disappointment faded.I decided to visit Bar Louie in early November while I was at Tempe Marketplace to watch a movie. I walked through the front door and was not greeted by either a hostess or any other employee. I traipsed toward the bar and was also not greeted by either of the two bartenders behind the bar. I continued forward and finally found a nice young lady whom I asked about seating. She retrieved a server and I requested to be sat on the patio. The patio was empty and I chose a corner table. My waiter informed me that he would be right back and would bring me a menu.After bringing a menu back, I inquired as to whether or not there were any beer specials ongoing. I was dismayed to find out that their refrigeration system was on the fritz and they only had three beers available: New Castle Brown Ale and two run-of-the-mill, piss-poor domestics. I chose the New Castle.After receiving my drink, I ordered from their very straightforward menu after asking the server what his personal favorite menu item was. The "Four Tacos Plato" with blackened fish was selected, and off went the server.I received my food in a very timely manner and it was piping hot. Everything tasted fresh and it looked well-constructed.My only complaint was the portion size. The tacos were listed under the "Large Plate" section of the menu, but the tacos themselves were quite small. They were more reminiscent of street tacos as opposed to restaurant fare. Regardless, the service was prompt, friendly and knowledgeable, the food was quite good and the atmosphere (at least from where I was sitting; on the outside looking in) seemed warm.All-in-all, I can recommend it to others, but I can't say that it is a five-star establishment.
Tough to find. It's off the street, down an alley/walkway. Can't comment on the food because they were closed for the week.
The servers here are very nice. They treat me good everytime I come in!As far as the food goes, it is hit and miss. In the past I have ordered fried fish, pasta and wings and they were disgusting. More recently, I have ordered the appetizer burger sliders, artichoke and spinach dip, and kale and quinoa salad. They were DELICIOUS! They're menu is so large that you sometimes don't know what to order! May the odds ever be in your favor.Cheesecakes are great! My favorite slices are oreo cheesecake and red velvet. YUM!
This BYOW sushi spot is one of my favourites , fresh sushi and great selection. I've been multiple times and have never been disappointed in the food or the service ! I highly recommend the lover and the grilled scallop sushi roll. Nice atmosphere inside for a date or a dinner with friends/family
Got the assorted pastry basket. Fantastic. The berry fruit salad, also good. This place is solid on baked goods.Tip: they don't take reservations, but you CAN call and get an idea on the current wait before trekking out there.
I'm totally confused as to what previous poor reviews were about - my coworkers and I thoroughly enjoy this place! We've been here a few times since I started months ago - but a few of them have been coming since before then. The decor is nothing to speak of - just a plain, down home small counter-service restaurant with some sights & sounds of Chicago. The guys who have worked the counter were nothing but sweet. I've only had the Italian beef and cheese fries. The Italian beef tastes about as Chicago-authentic as authentic gets - so much au jus too! The cheese fries were decent - maybe a little too salty for my taste, but in general good. I think my combo + a drink have been about $8 - great value! A few of my coworkers have gotten their Chicago hotdogs and love them too! A little bit of the Midwest in the heart of the West warms this native Midwesterner's heart.
Our room on the second floor was very nice. The decor is Victorian, from the furniture to the color palette, even down to the little octagonal black and white tiles in the bathroom. There was a lovely fireplace, and the toilet tank was mounted by the ceiling with a pull chain to flush.There was a small sitting area and full sink, countertop and mini fridge, a full sized coffee maker and a small flat screen TV. The mattress was comfortable, the towels were soft and there was good water pressure in the shower.We stayed in the winter and the room was toasty warm.From our room you could hear the traffic noise, especially due to the wet roads, and the room is above a bar. From the bathroom we could hear distant voices, maybe from the bar or from an adjoining room, but it wasn't a problem. I could hear people walking in their room on third floor a couple of times.The thing that was a surprise as far as noise were the trains that went through in the wee hours of the morning. We had arrived after dark and didn't notice that a railway crossing was right outside our window one story down, and at least twice trains went by and blew their horns a few toots as they passed the intersection.We had some drinks, including complimentary ones for our stay, at the Up North, and the bartender told us we could take drinks and popcorn up to the room if we would like.The Hotel Ruby Marie was a charming stay and I would stay again if I were looking to spend some time in the area.
Food awesome. Outdoor seating could be improved by larger chairs nd some shade relief.
Great spot for all-you-can-eat sushi!  They don't skimp on the list of nigiri your can order, and I'm always happy to get some yellowtail and unagi as part of my AYCE.  Also, they give you one delicious sake drink and a few other higher priced sushi items as part of the package.  I especially like that this place is open until 2am.  I just wish they didn't raise the dinner price to $25.95 recently.  It's getting expensive!
Excellent noodles...love the pho...would give it a 5 but I've had better and some similar in Phoenix.
Great food at a reasonable price! Service was also great. Most meals come with hash browns or grits and pancakes or toast. I got something simple, but easy to mess up. 2 eggs over medium, hash browns, pancakes, and sausage links. Sausage links were juicy, flavorful, and fat. Hash browns were thinly sliced potatoes and were mostly crispy. You can pay extra to upgrade plain pancakes to one of the flavored ones.
Love this Starbucks not only cause it's close to my house but also because every time I go through the drive through they are actually super fast unlike other locations I've been to. Only 4 stars because the menu is pretty pricey.
Politics aside, the Trump Hotel was a very good experience. We were in town for an event at the Convention Center. Pros:Friendliness of the staff! From check in to check out, they were unbelievably accommodating and friendly. Amenities in the room. Full kitchen (which is the reason we booked there to begin with. A lot of places in Vegas do not have a kitchen). It had a sink, fridge, toaster, stove top, tea kettle, microwave, Keurig coffee maker, and cabinets. As a nice touch, they had Rio Blend coffee in the room. Maybe because of the 2016 Olympics coming up? Also had paper coffee cups, sweeteners, creamer cups, and stirring sticks. Due to county regulations, they are not allowed to keep plates, silverware, etc in the room but will bring them to your room if needed. They also included an iron, ironing board, blow dryer, light up mirror, bathrobe, and plenty of fluffy towels. The bathroom has a TV inside the mirror. Didn't use it but interesting touch. Spa tub and separate shower. Marble counters and floors. Water heated up VERY quickly. The pillows!!! Oh the pillows! I have to find the Downrite brand online or in Macy's or something because they were divine. Beds were comfy too. Our room even had a DOORBELL on it instead of the bellboy knocking, he rang a door bell! LOLThe AC was amazing and cooled the room quickly and kept it cool. Very quiet. We never once heard any other guests. All the appliances in the room were quiet as well. The elevators. Fast. Ya know how some hotels you stand there forever waiting on the elevator? Not here. I timed it. It took 13 seconds to get from the 39th floor to the lobby. Unreal. The ice machines are in their own little rooms in the hallways so you don't have to listen to someone getting ice in the middle of the night. It is right across from a huge mall. Lots of shops and a large food court. Cons:The train. Yes, you read that correctly. There was a train that ran behind the hotel where our room was facing that ran every couple of hours throughout the night and woke us up each time. As it came up to an intersection, it would blow its horn over and over. But this is where the nice staff came in handy. They were more than willing and helpful to move us to a room facing The Strip in exchange for a small extra fee because it was a room facing The Strip. We could still hear the train in the distance but not enough to wake us up. We only heard it before heading to bed. Valet. Yes, I know that valet was supposed to be bougie and helpful, however, we found it bothersome. It's just easier to have access to our car when needed. On the other hand there was a relatively short wait time so it wasn't too bad. However, that depends on your timing. Some times of the day were very busy. Internet. It was a bit slow. So if you are someone there on business who needs fast internet for work, this may become an issue. Sleeper sofa. We pulled out the sleep sofa that our original room included. For a 5 star place, there should be a nicer one. It was just your run of the mill, feel every spring, mattress. No casino. For me personally, this was not a problem but if you going to Vegas to gamble, this may be an issue for you. Not on The Strip. The only reason this is a issue is because of the heat. If you want to go out and walk The Strip, you also have to add to that walk because you have to get from the hotel to Las Vegas Blvd. It's not too far but the heat is what does it. I may not agree on his politics but his hotel was top notch. Would recommend.
On the recommendation of our AirBnB host, we had a delightful diner breakfast at the Coach House while visiting Toronto.  You get a huge plate of food -- I had sausage, home fries, and eggs, and my guy had French toast -- for under $10.  It's not especially fancy or gourmet, but it fills you up and hits the spot.  Coffee is decent, and your cup is continually refilled.  Service is friendly and efficient.  I'm from NJ, where we take our diners (and our diner breakfasts) seriously.  Coach House passes muster with me!
We had a great day at the park today with another family.  Kids loved the slides and zip lining.  Make sure when they offer a Groupon you jump on it.  It really makes it worth driving all the way out from the west valley for some water fun.  The park does need maintenance and painting thru out the complex.  This park is not state of the art but a good time was had by everyone.
noms.noms.noms.  I think I started another review like this already, but really -- I stopped in here because the hubs and I were checking out of the Golden Nugget, and it's right past one of their checkin/out desks.  Looks super fancy.  I thought everything would be crazy pricey (super cute + Vegas = $$$ to me), but surprisingly, their ginormous cupcakes were just $3!! And their chocolate-dipped macaroons (or sans-chocolate, same price) were ... shoot, incredibly affordable is all I remember.  AND, it's not like these macaroons were *just* dipped in chocolate either -- I saved these as a treat for myself, rather than sharing them with my friends who were celebrating the big 3-0 (I'm a fab friend, what can I say), and it was like a truffle was stuck to the bottom of those macaroons, talk about a delightful surprise!  Honestly, I don't have much experience with macaroons other than visual, but the softness and coconuttiness (not too much) were very appealing.  And back to those cupcakes -- huge.  Delicious. I got one red velvet for one friend, who shared a bite with me -- moist, tasty, cream cheese frosting was perfect.  I carted around the other two cupcakes for the rest of the trip, and only got to sample the chocolate-chocolate -- also delish.  Nutshell: if you're nearby (ie, downtown), worth the stop.  Would I make a special trip downtown just for these? Despite the 4 stars, I can't in all honesty recommend the hassle it is to get downtown if you're staying on the Strip for a short time.  But come on, who doesn't love downtown anyway :)?  So make it a combo trip, and you'll be a winner.
The manager Liz called to apologize for the bad service.  I love it when the managers follow up and make an effort to correct the problem.  Liz gets extra credit for the fast response.  My next visit I checked in at the front desk and the young lady hand me a membership card and explained the check in process.  Great job on following up with the front desk staff, service was greatly improved.
We had a two bedroom suite which was really nice and awesome. It felt like living in a fancy apartment with your friends for a few days. Huge projector to watch movies and tv on and I loooved the shades which allow the room to be completely dark while you sleep in and recover from your hangover. I was a little disappoint that in a nice hotel like this the pillows and blankets weren't down. And the lobby was a really simple and plain compared to all the other Vegas hotels and casinos. Visited Koi the first night for a good time, cheap open bar for goods was a great deal and visited the Pussycat Dolls lounge for a fun time. Got in for free. Nice bouncers, got to dance onstage, and had a blast. Great music too. The pool also seemed really nice, only this was I went in February so we didn't get a chance to swim. I would def stay here again though. Having a mall right under you was great too!
More like a 3.5. Ingredients were really fresh and portion was pretty big for a "small". I was hoping the meat would be more flavourful, but it was just okay. I'm gonna give this place another shot and order something else next time.
Great happy hour prices at the bar.$2 domestics and $4-$5 appetizers. Quick and friendly service at the bar and entertaining service at the grill tables.
Customer service is awesome!  Secret is:  Make sure you make an appointment before coming in especially if you are needing help at the Genius Bar.  However, if you come during the week, you may get lucky and you will be accommodated.  Staff members are great, always smiling and willing to help out.  Good selections of accessories for all Apple products, some more pricey than online stores.  Advantage of buying the accessory at an Apple Store is a staff member will gladly install or help you out with it.  It's all good...
Solid 4 stars.  We have been twice.  The first visit was a little bumpy; however they had just opened a few days before so it was expected to have some rough spots. The food was on pointe and their craft  beer game was solid during the first visit, so we decided to give them another go round.  Service was way better (since it was a Tuesday and kind of slow, our waiter was very attentive).  Again, the food (for the most part) was ah-mazing.  Beer selection has a good rotation.  I was sad they didn't have the witbier from last week, however the PB Porter from Peoria Artisan was a welcome addition.  Pros:-PB&J Burger (I swear, try it ala mode - it's soooo good! They must think I'm a weirdo though.  Our waitress said the kitchen staff was confused by my request )-The fried chicken - enough to feed 2 people and the best we've had!-The sloppy corn bread- divine- The Divolono (sp?) Pizza - spicy with a hint of honey sweetness-CRAFT BEER!!!!Cons:-The pretzels - 3 small pretzel "sticks" - maybe 4 would be a better number and they just seemed very small.  Both of our orders also were cold.-Our side of fries came in a large dish, but there were so few that it looked like we got someone's leftovers.  They were hot though, and my 6 year old seemed to like them All in all, we will definitely be back.  Maybe not with our littles (they get bored easily).  A wonderful start and I can't wait to see State 48 become a solid 5 star rating! (We also can't wait to try their beers in a few weeks!)
Can't say it's the best sushi I've ever had but definitely found it good. I would go back. All the roles were tasty. I didn't particularly like the special queen, that's because I'm not a big fan of cooked salmon. It was too fishy for my liking. The rest were quite good. I particularly liked the chef sushi and Mexican role. One small disappointment was the staff didn't remind me that if I ordered 25$ or more u get a. Futumakis free. Ive been to other shops and alway was told when my order was clearly over. Once I paid I let them know it was cool that it wasn't mentioned. So look at the first page when U order and remind them to include the bonus role :)
Dizzying array of everything under the sun...like the Matryoshka dolls of vintage stores. Just when you thought you've run out of racks of clothing to peruse, you turn a corner and boom, there's a whole other room hiding just beyond, waiting for you. It never ends......which is usually a good thing, unless you have a SO asleep in the car,  waiting for you. Allocate plenty of time, bring some snacks and water, and wander to your heart's content. Very fun, and lots of smile-inducing items. Some things are totally overpriced, but for unique pieces and especially the clothing, there are plenty of gems waiting to be found.
Back when this was Cactus Jack's I went in once and it was super dirty and sketchy. What a difference new ownership makes! The place is sparkling clean, including the restrooms. I am super weird about cleanliness especially when places serve food. The staff has been fabulous every time we've gone in with friendly people working there. The food is also super yummy! The chicken fingers and burgers are to-die-for! I didn't care for the wings but that was a personal preference as their flavoring is good but they aren't as crisp as I prefer them as they aren't grilled. It's a very interesting crowd of all different kinds of people and it has a fun mix of music along with a pool table. This is a great casual place to hang out and grab a bite to eat.
Pretty much in the middle of nowhere, Pole Position Raceway was a place I wanted to try out.  Close to the Palm, Pole Position was small, but still had plenty of turns to try power slides and to go 40mph unrestrained.  12 laps seemed to go by rather quickly but was still fun overall.  The fact that it was indoor was also nice since my group decided to go to Vegas during the hottest time of the year.  Thank god for AC.
I love the fact I can watch my dog playing on their Cam.
They have good service, beer selection, and the pizza we got was fantastic. Their spinach dip was more of typical bar food, just alright.
After trying their tasting at Toronto Underground Market last fall I was eager to check this place out. Not taking reservations is always a little annoying and I ended up waiting an hour for a table of four around 5 on a Saturday. Once we were seated the service was speedy and the menu was great. We ordered the poutine, mac and cheese, surf and turf and lobster roll. The portions were enough to give you a great taste but if I went back I'd be sure to get some appetizers. Decent selection of beer and loved the decor. This place is very Toronto right now.
For being a craft beer bar, the kitchen was surprisingly on point. The quinoa bowl, especially, was fresh and full of delicious veggies. Put a couple of fried eggs over it, drown it in hot sauce and call it a day. Or at least call it a filling and healthy lunch. There's plenty of indoor and patio seating and the live music (two dudes on guitar / vocals during our visit) added a nice touch of audio. Also, TV's everywhere for The Sports. Extensive beer menu and full bar + all you drink brunch mimosas. I didn't have a chance to try any of the house brews but managed to find a delicious Irish stout by SD-based Mike Hess. Plenty of California and Arizona craft brews to choose from. We popped in for lunch before a spring training baseball game so I can't speak to what this place is at night, but it was a great midday choice to relax and enjoy some tasty food and beer.
This place took over Beijing Noodle & I'm glad! I am sad to see a local spot gone but the family that owns this place is cute. I feel like they just opened a place to serve food they make at home. They claim to be a Vietnamese and Chinese spot but I didn't see much Chinese except for the fried rices.It has a typical Vietnamese menu minus the curries. I did however see they offered a beef stew with bread yum.Basically the food was good, the place was clean, and the service was polite. They could do to stop by the tables more often except to drop food off but I enjoyed all of the staff I encountered. Very sweet and friendly. We tried their combo pho $8x 2, a ban mi dac biet $3 and some change, and their spring rolls $3. All came out to $24 and some change. We were stuffed. It was a bargain IMO.I really liked their sandwich. Their bread was hot, fresh, and crunchy. I've never had one like that. I want to say they didn't put the patte part. I have to say I didn't miss it, and I've been eating those sandwiches since my childhood. At first it looked like they skimped on meat but it was perfect. I loved it.Their pho was good. It was a good size with a large amount of meat. The broth was good, the noodles were cooked just right, and it was served super hot. The bowl looked below average in size but it was just the right amount. I finished the whole bowl and the broth. Their spring rolls were good. The dipping sauce was good. I enjoyed them. I have to say for a newer place I thought they did a great job. If they are reading and I could help them improve I'd say to offer straws for their water, get a napkin dispenser for the table if they don't plan to walk by too much, and lastly take their service to the next level. Overall I do plan on returning soon. In comparison to a Pho Kim Long, Pho Saigon, or Pho So 1 it is just as good but with the friendly staff you won't find in China Town.Check them out!
Comfort and control need not come at the price of $3500 Italian bicycle. The guys at Cronometro will take the bike you own now and fit it to your exact specifications. It'll cost you $165 but it's well worth it if you're planning on riding more than an hour at a stretch this summer.The owner, Colin O'Brien, is a great guy with a lot of experience both as a rider and a fitter of bikes. If you have ambitions of being a better biker than you right now you should call for an appointment. You'll get a fit that will get you fit.
Great Italian food tucked away at the top of Eau Claire mall.There is nothing bad that I could say about this restaurant except that it is quite expensive (although worth it). I received great service throughout the meal and received my food very quickly. The food was exceptional and I couldn't get enough of it. I almost wished that I had ordered two dishes, so I could take one home for later.If you like Italian food and are in the neighbourhood, check this place out.
This Fry's is a little bit of a drive from my flat.It's a newly renovated Fry's store with Starbucks in it! *woo hoo*Same friendly faces! And did you know if your item is out of stock you can request a rain check for the same low price that its currently advertised?Parking is well lit, and clean.
Went here last minute to get a quick trim. I typically check in online however this time I did not. I sat down because every was busy. Nobody put my name on the list but once Shelly was done with her 2 customers she took me back. She was amazing!!! Took her time making sure she got my hair right but still was time efficient. Great price of $13 for a haircut. I will be back! Thanks Shelly!!
My family went here on new years eve for my dad's birthday so dinner prices were super expensive because of the holidays. It was $27.99 per person...better make sure you eat $27.99 worth of food! I definitely did not eat $28 worth of food that's for sure.The restaurant is huge...it used to be a home outfitters so imagine how big the restaurant is. The food selection is pretty typical to other Canadian-Chinese buffets. The only difference is that they have live cooking stations for noodles and grilling meats. They also had freshly grilled half lobsters and you could ask for more than one. Drinks are self served so there's a drink station filled with a pop station and a fridge with bottled juice and water. My favourite stations were the chocolate fondue and waffle station.I prefer this buffet over Mandarin...if the prices were lower.
Stop here after visiting the art museum... The cafe has an understated elegance that is relaxing. The menu is limited... The daily soups are surprisingly good as is the rasberry and goat cheese salad. Depending on what you order, pricing is moderate ($11-$30).
Great Service. The food was good. The lasagna was a little too spicy for me. I want to try their pizza next. Parking was crazy and long wait times are negative factors.
This hotel is right behind Planet Hollywood and used to part of Planet Hollywood before Hilton took over. We chose to forgo the $15 valet and self parked but it was a pain because the garage was packed and the walk to the hotel took a good 7+minutes. The front desk workers were friendly and checked us in quickly. I got the 1 king bed suite. It was extremely spacious and modern. The bed was large and comfortable. Flat screen tvs in the living room, bed room and bathroom were pretty cool. There was a fantastic view of Vegas from the room. There was a small kitchen plus a hot tub! The wall insulation was perfect because we didn't hear any noise from our neighbors. The negatives are the $15 valet service, $10 wifi fee,check out time is 10am and they wouldn't give us a late checkout, but the most annoying thing were the thick, pillows that were extremely uncomfortable. It took me a long time both nights to get in a comfortable position. So bring your own pillows.Overall, I would stay here again because the rates are very cheap for the accommodations you get.
Giant salads with fresh ingredients, bomb wings, and friendly service! Also offers gluten free crusts, which is a nice treat for me. A neighborhood favorite!
I had dish network for years and happy with them.  Till I need Internet service, I switched to Earth Link that was supplied by Road Runners eventually Time Warner's Cable.  Thanks for clarify that is not same as Time Warners Bro.I need to calm myself down every time to call Time Warner Cable's service especially talking about their price and billin.  The worst I've come across in the country. I live in east and west coast.  I suffered  many times before I say it.  Besides, it takes us time to write this.TWC, or Road Runners ( they were the same ) was the supplier of cable internet for Earth Link (I was told later) when I called for connection problem.  TWC convinced me to change  from Earth Link to TWC.  I refused the first year for TWC's bad  business integrity.  Few years later, I had no choice as the price went up again.  So I switched to TWC. The second year, it went up that understood, after promotion.  To save trouble of payment, I set up auto- pay, this year it went up again.  I called to understand the reason.  Their customer service was so rude with a prima donna attitude.  She even insulted me over the phone as I didn't want all the services. Since I stayed for a week of less each month, it's unjustified for me to pay close to $100.  I simply kept my expenses but the service reduced to 1/10 of the speed that I had.  I'm looking for another provider if there is. For all these years, I've seen more adverse comments than favorable comments to TWC.  Most business respect prestige customers or those stay with them for years. But not TWC.  They believe customers can't live without them in Charlotte.  That's why I've seen salesmen knocking at our doors every season like the 50s to look for new customers.I'm sure if TWC's upper management can make a change to their customer services or change their prima donna attitude, I'm sure they will not loss customers.Anyway, sorry for my long comments.  I still like Dish Network, perhaps, I will go back to put my dish up.
Checked this place out on a late night hunch with a buddy and let me tell you. This places is straight fire! I'm not just talking about heat levels either. We got a small sampler in which we tried the fried chicken with green onion, blazing chicken on a skillet with sausages and an order of kimchi and oyster fried rice. The fried chicken was so crisp it was unreal. The meat was still moist and succulent. The flaming chicken was tasty, well-spiced and flavourful too. The sausages weren't the main event so I give some leeway on their generic processed feel. The fried rice was also excellent, a little stingy on the oysters, but to be expected. Overall I'm definitely coming back for the fried chicken - it makes a nice alternative to chicken wings and beer. Just a heads up though, don't expect late night Chinese food prices, this place isn't cheap.
Very nice dining experience. Fresh ingredients, well prepared. Atmosphere and service was casual and friendly. Nice mood lighting, linen napkins and table cloths. The scallops with truffle butter and herb, asparagus risotto was outstanding. Wine list was small but thoughtful; like the food the focus is on quality rather then quantity.
This is a little bit off the strip, but the view is so nice, and the price is low! Also, the Champagne brunch is good!
I brought my friend here so we could lounge by the pool for a day/night. Unfortunately, a monsoon caused a big tree to end up in the pool and they had to use a loud chainsaw to get it out. We went to the front desk and they offered us a shuttle to another resorts pool for free. It was so nice. It is such a clean and friendly atmosphere and the decor is so cute. The pool is a little small but other than that we loved it.
Hidden gem of a restaurant that you would definitely pass by if not for a local Yelper (Bozan) who has inside knowledge of how amazing the specialty beef noodle soup is here. Really it sure is outstanding for Taiwanese beef noodle soup. The broth is wonderfully rich in flavour. So rich yet not salty and a great mix of tender fall off the bone meat plus Shanghai bok chop with a chewy noodle. If you are into pho you must try this soup as its different yet flavour is out of this world!  A bowl of soup on a cold fall-winter day is an amazing way to warm up the body. They also offer a hot chilli sauce to zip it up another notch if spicy is to your liking. The restaurant is simple yet decor is clean and comfortable. The husband and wife team do also special Taiwanese cookies which we got to sample the pineapple filled ones which were a pleasant finish to a big bowl of soup. Service was friendly and we were the only ones in the restaurant on the visit so we had more personal explanations of their culture with some jokes thrown in.Price wise it's extremely inexpensive at around $10 a bowl. The crew that came left with full tummies and content satisfaction. The menu is small but you can sense they care to serve you their home cooking plus dedication to delivering a top notch meal! I haven't found many places in MTL that specilaze in Taiwanese food. There is not a huge offering on the menu as they have mainly Chinese dishes plus some Sushi but the soup is out of this world!  I'm definitely coming back to sample more dishes of the menu specifically speaking their stir fry's.
Biscuits is a great breakfast/lunch place. Be prepared to wait on Sat/Sun mornings but it' always been worth it. Friendly but busy staff, free coffee while you wait and they always say they are sorry for making you wait.  The decor is back home country. Reminds me of my grandma's kitchen. The food is good, and a huge plus for having chicken fried chicken for breakfast, that means no more having to go to nasty cracker barrel for it!  I love the country gravy, love the chicken fried chicken. The grits seem pre-sweetened and I can see how people might not like that, myself I am all good with that. Now the one downer is the Biscuits, I am not a huge fan, they are huge and heavy. I myself like the lighter ones. I've had breakfast and lunch items both there and all have been lovely. My best friend swears by the corned beef hash, he orders it as an add on to everything and anything he gets there. You can eat and get beyond full for two for about 20 bucks and that is a huge plus for me. The only bad thing we ever got there was a cinnamon roll for my son. He said it was nasty and couldn't get past one bite, he said it tasted like a hard roll with some funky icing.  I have never myself tried it but it didn't look that good honestly. But hey, if that is the only minus for them I am ok with that!I would totally suggest getting over here and give them a try, they are also open late on Friday and Sat's for fish frys!
Lured down the slightly  hidden path next to a typical Irish dining place by the promise posed by a photo rendering the logo of Cinzano, I was certain that I would be able to have a romantic meal with origins from the mama-mia land.  I was not disappointed by anything but the missing actual bottle of Cinzano!  The service is quite personal and yet uncumbersome.  The space is plainly lit and is no bigger than a small chapel on Capri, yet it is intimate and warm.  What I loved most is that the rumour being spread by a bartender over at Amsterdams about the freshness of the food, turned out to be true and a welcome aroma to hungry souls.The gnocci, the carbonara, the soup.  You cannot make an error ordering from their carefully chosen menu items.  But you might be amazed that freshness tastes much different than what you have become used to at the many chain Italian restaurants you somehow keep patronizing.Chow 4 anytime.  Ciao for now.
Pretty good food, large portions and the price is great too. The staff is a little unprofessional but for the most part the value for the price can't beat it.
had a good experience last year with EZ in Vegas.Shuttles from LAS to the car rental center are constant, and took maybe 5-10 min each way. Waited in line 10 min, the guy who helped me was nice, didn't try to upsell me anything, and we were on our way. Car was in good shape, and drop off was also easy.
I went here for the Japanese cheesecake based on previous reviews.  I was not disappointed!  The cheesecake was moist and delicious.  I paid $7.50 for the cheesecake so the price has gone up a bit since the previous reviews. They had many other desserts as well including coconut and egg tarts and a variety of buns.  I haven't tried the other desserts yet but I will be sure to do so the next time I'm here.  A gem of a find!
Great bagels and are a tie-in with Fairmount bagels for me. Hot out of the oven.
When here yesterday with the Hubby for our date night dinner and a movie. Hostess was nice and greeted us. Our server was fabulous as we (wish I could remember his name). My husband and I order the crab dip which was amazing!! A must get. We also ordered the wedge also good, I got the Just for the halibut, fish was great, potato cake that comes with it not so much. My Husband got the seafood and grits with a tomato sauce, it was ok a little under season. Also Tim, the owner sent a carrot cake to the table after speaking to my hubby and it was divine!!! So great since I am a carrot cake expert. Overall the food was delicious, the wait staff can't be beat and the atmosphere was great as well. I would definitely be back and recommend to a friend.
Any store at Crystals is a "when you hit the jackpot kind-of-store" unless...you married a jackpot-well, then shop till you drop. We were greeted warmly by Jorge and he went on to tell us all about the new bags and fashion items.  We weren't in the market to buy anything extravagant, we were just window shopping and can appreciate fine apparel that's well crafted with fabrics that feel like buttah! No "Pretty Woman" treatment here!  So if I do win the jackpot-I'm coming back:)Fun store to come in and browse-and buy if your wallet is big enough!
I stopped in here for a slide and a soda one day and was very pleased. This is real deal great pizza, plus a great atmosphere and fair price. I have also since learned that this pizza is the go-to for many local businesses, who all swear by it for their lunch purposes.
If you like the Tempe brewpub, this NoSco "grill and tap" is very similar. To start, all the yummy Four Peaks brews are the same (can't you just picture the Four Peaks mobile trekking keg after keg up the 101?), and the excellent pub grub on the menu is identical to the Tempe location. Being an ASU alum, I frequented the Tempe location, and it was one of the most unique and fun bars near campus. The atmosphere in Scottsdale is similar, despite being in one of the north side's more complicated and ginormous strip centers. They've clearly taken a design tip from the Tempe spot, with brick walls, similar lighting and bar and a decent-sized patio out front (not nearly the size of Tempe's, but oh well). I like that there's a loft-like second story to the Scottsdale location, but it's not nearly as bustling upstairs for some reason. If you're in Scottsdale, stop in, order a Kiltlifter and get the reuben sandwich or one of the big juicy burgers.
Great food. Best sangria. Service is inconsistent. I like the chicken kabobs, salmon, tabouli, pita, baba, hummus and lentil soup. Heavy turnover with the waitstaff, must not be a great place to work.
Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan.  Huge dining room, including private dining rooms in the back and a great patio overlooking uptown Charlotte.  The goat cheese appetizer was delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection.  The staff was super friendly and the owner as well as the manager came over to check on us during our meal...which was much appreciated.  I will be back!
Yay for having a David & Goliath here!! The only places I ever see them are in Hawaii... like all over Hawaii.  This store actually had a lot of variety compared to the stores in Hawaii.  Everything is just so cute, I never walk out empty handed... I have to at least get some sort of trinket.
Definitely will go back...best wonton soup I've ever had. I got the Pai Thai which my waitress said was the same as Pad Thai however I was not a fan....it was very soupy and tasted a little like barbecue sauce honestly. I would not get that again but I tried my friends food and everything else was delicious! Seemed very authentic.
Driving more than an half-hour to get to a gun range was getting old. I was so happy to see this range open up in Cornelius. They have all the amenities that you would expect a range to have for modern shooters. I come here for recreational purposes and have found the range more than suitable. They have fully electronic systems and the lanes are wide and not tight like many other ranges. They also offer memberships that are competitive to some of the other ranges around the area. Daily lane rates are a bit pricy, but considering their location they can charge that much. However, stray away from the touristic prices for weapons and ammo. There are many other stores that just sell and you'll want to visit those. The prices they quoted me were $200 more than several other stores and I just couldn't bite that bullet. Come here for the range and range only.
Unfortunately I'm not a BIG reader so I typically avoid this place like the plague but I value the importance of learning so I bring my baby girl here to buy & read books. The staff here is always courteous & the store is always exceptionally clean. Love the fact there is a star bucks here because I'm already antsy about having to read, a good jolt of caffeine really puts me into the "Zone" JK...... We took advantage of their reading program for kids this year & I can really see the sense of accomplishment in my daughter. Nothing like a little hard work to earn something. Go Baby girl!!! Thanks for offering this program Barnes & Noble!
The hosts and waiters were all very nice. I got their Spaghetti Aglio e Olio with a side of Angus Beef filet mignon meatballs - very good...
Pros:Amazing acai bowls/juices with the option to add tons of nutrientsIngredients are super freshCons:I wish there were more salad/sandwich choicesThere was a long black strand of hair in my bowl  =/
The outside seems a little sketchy, but when you walk in the dim lighting and modern look is a great setting. My f and I decided to give the place a try since we lived down the street and seen the great reviews. The lady that took our order was very sweet and tentative. The food was good we ordered the General Tso's chicken and Pork fried rice. I will definitely be back in for another bite.
One of the big perks that we found about Vegas, is that we got into clubs for free (sorry guys) and other things, like getting free drinks all night (although that was a lie) and they were expensive but at least generous with the alcohol measurements! We got persuaded to go to Rok on our way to ride the roller coaster on top of NYNY, and it turned out that it was pretty cool. The music was good, the people inside were amusing (there was a parody of a dance-off), it kept us amused all night and the videos that were shown alongside the music was pretty cool. At least you can watch something when you're dancing too. The floor was kept clean from any spilt drinks or broken glass and the staff were nice. It did weird me out a bit to see girls dancing, as it's something I'm not used to seeing in London, but compared to Tao, it was hardly smutty. Definitely go here for a night out, the dance floor might be small, but it's worth it to see a dance-off.
After reading favorable reviews, decided to reserve a table so that we could dine after taking a stroll through Old Scottsdale on "Artwalk Thursday".Pleasantly surprised that the restaurant had a dresscode, which is fairly uncommon nowadays. Only issue was finding parking due to the nearby SF Giants game, but eventually found a spot within a couple of blocks of our destination.Walking into Bandera immediately reminded us of the old Houston's on Park Avenue South in NYC. Same subdued lighting and dark wood booths surrounding a vibrant bar scene. Soon learned that the Hillstone Restaurant Group which runs the Bandera chain also manages Houston's, thus the many similarities.Menu choices were sufficient to please even picky eaters. Terrific wine and beer and specialty cocktail list.For a chain restaurant, service, food and value were uniformly excellent across the board. Menu choices were sufficient to please even picky eaters.
I live at St. Mike's right across the street, so I go here nearly every day. The service here is excellent and the people are super friendly. The place is pretty clean by convenience store standards and generally well-stocked. I would warn against coming here at night though, as that's when the mentally unstable customers tend to come around.
I like that the Vig locations around the valley have a different feel and vibe to it. The Vig Uptown has a modern, casual atmosphere to it. It's your typical dim lighted bar with chill music which I can't say about The Vig Filmore. Both locations are awesome depending on what you're looking for.We came here for dinner last night and sat at the patio to watch the game. Honestly I feel like The Vig has one of the best nachos ever. Everything in their nachos is quality - we always like to add shredded chicken. For dinner, I ordered their famous mac and cheese with short ribs. Everyone at the table had a bite of my dish because it was incredible. It wasn't overwhelmingly tasty like other mac and cheese dishes. The pasta was cooked perfectly and served in an iron  skillet. You can order their burgers or sandwiches and upgrade your side to a mac and cheese or pozole for just $3. So worth it! My boyfriend always orders the pozole. I am not a fan of pozole in general but The Vig makes it so well. For drinks, our server misunderstood my order and gave me a Four peaks peach ale instead of the AZ peach shandy. She took the drink off our bill when she realized her mistake but I actually liked the four peaks peach ale more so than what I ordered. I wasn't a big fan of the AZ peach Shandy and would probably not order it again. The service is always great at the Vig. They also have complementary valet.
The food is amazing! The service could be better. Overall, it's worth it! Get the gladiator roll!
The food is really good-Globe Az style Mexican food. But the service was kinda slow. It looked like there were only 2 waitresses serving the entire restaurant, so I felt bad for them, but it took a while to get our food. We also got take out once too and it took over 30 minutes to make. Yummy food but definitely slow. If you are in a hurry, don't go here.
Started with drinks, White Russians my favorite.    Had the lobster bisque Yummy with lots of lobster.   Finished with grilled pub sprouts.   They were very filling.   Tasty with bacon like meat.   Very nice.   Had 8 in our group, waited 5 or 10 minutes, quick service, sat us right away, waiter was great.    Would highly recommend and will definitely be back.
I've had the Taco truck twice.  I had a couple of the jerk chicken tacos that were pretty satisfying.  The spice was right on.  Personally I would put a little less avocado sauce on them.  Also they ran out of napkins, which was kind of annoying.
Had some awesome tasting Indian food after long time. Everything we ordered was great. Service could be little better and fast. Overall great place.
so. good. i ordered the fish "banh mi" and... it was so freakin' good. whilst i do wish it was in a more traditional banh mi style bread (baguette vs round bun), it had the perfect amount of heat and i totally dug the interpretation. and the kale salad? o.m.gooooooodness. i know the mac and cheese is good and all... but you HAVE to get the kale salad. it is green perfection. and so good for your eyes!the husband had the burger which was.... uhm, possibly the best burger i've had in arizona??? yeah. it was like that. juicy and perfectly cooked. with a side of church potatoes - what what???? that was like the ultimate comfort food meal right there. ULTIMATE. it was delectable. bro got the porkwich... that much pig on a piece of bread honestly scares me... but it really truly worked. and i understood why people are fanatical about it. his side of mac and cheese? now THAT, my friends is a good m&c. it was cheeeeeeeeesy up the heezy, and no weird liquidy sauce, the pasta shape didn't put me off. i wanted to swim in that mac and cheese. ok, maybe not because that was a hottttt little dish, but... i really really really really loved it. and wanted to steal it and eat it all. now that i'm revisiting that experience, i dunno how i feel about that kale salad. i'm torn. i choose both.my dad had the reuben, which to me is a man-which. it was decent, just not my flava. my mom had either the brown bag chicken or the grilled chicken. i don't remember because my bro's gf had the other one. they were both good and i am not a big chicken sandwich fan. perhaps not phenomenal, but i would venture to say i might at some point be persuaded to order a chicken sandwich from here. we had the deviled egg dip... the chips were good, but the dip was kinda forgettable. service was amazing, the ambiance and decor... impeccable. there are a lot of new pretentious phx area eateries that are similar to this one... all in all, windsor is at the top.valet is free... or you can park on the street a little further past the restaurant.
Nic3 clean store. Very helpful employees.  I l8ke some of tue brands they carry.  I have been coming here for years. I prefer going to aurora farms but sometimes I check kohl's.
I liked the variety of sandwiches available.  My mom and I each got something different and then traded a half so we could sample a couple of them.  By far my favorite thing was the fried zucchini with pesto dipping sauce.  The zucchini was perfectly fried deliciousness and the pesto was fresh and wonderful.  The girls at the register were friendly, but they did miss a couple of special requests we made.  In their defense, we were new to Ike's and asking lots of questions.  The mistakes in our order weren't bad enough to complain about or send back the food.Ultimately, the reason I'm rating Ike's 4 stars and not 5 is price.  We felt it was a bit pricey for sandwiches, although they are huge.  Two people could easily split one.  So if you're a penny pintcher like me, bring a friend and share a sandwich.
The Pho is always great here. It is a family owned business for such a long time and they make sure you are looked after nicely. Always full of smiles when you show up. Food is excellent. Their rice rolls are very yummy with the sauce; herbal tea is served as well.
Came here for the first time after work this past Friday. I really hope this place sticks around..so far no business has lasted too long at this location but I think these guys can. They have lots of TV's and a decent looking bar. They had $1 Buds as part of their  grand opening specials. I tried the hot buffalo wings and they were decent. They didn't give me a lot of celery compared to boardwalk billies or bww but the price was fair.The service was a little slow with the bartenders disappearing for a few moments at a time. Overall though as long as these guys have better service than boardwalk or bww, they have a chance to be successful.
Probably my fave brunch spot in the city. Literally everything on their menu looks good...and tastes better than you'd hope. They don't take reservations, so get there super early. And by that I mean, get ready to wait for upwards of an hour on a weekend. But the food is well worth the wait! Every single thing our party of four ordered was devoured with great gusto.
You should not go unless you have a reservation. We went unplanned b/c we were in the area. And granted it's a nice basement, but you kind of feel second class getting relegated to the basement. Sitting next to a flat screen playing college basketball doesn't scream fine dining. But maybe that's my fault b/c the rest of this review is positive. Our food was cooked very well. Great flavors and selection (meatless friendly options, etc.). I had the delicious sea scallops in lobster sauce (I only got three though). I think I would have preferred traditional gnocchi as opposed to the semolina, they were a bit doughy. But they did soak up the sauce well, so maybe that's why, obviously Zack Bruell knows more than I do. My wife liked her risotto. The service was professional. But for the price there are better Italian options not far away.
Bartender had good recommendations.. Loved the meatball appetizer (moist and well seasoned) and the salad with bacon bits.
This is a scaled review. Obviously it can't stand with 4 starred places on the strip, but in terms of a Chinese buffet, its a great place.Some other reviews are knocking it for not having extensive salad choices, or a diverse menu, uhm, it's a local Chinese buffet, not a casino buffet.What it does have is regularly switched out food (freshness), a lot of choices (in comparison to other Chinese buffets), a Mongolian station, and on weekends crab legs.For the money, this is definitely a place you can go to get a lot of bang for your buck.
I have to add an extra star. It would be pretty silly for me to keep returning over and over to what I referred to as "mediocre staples". I am comfortable with it, though. I have since tweaked what I order to come with white rice which is rather good and now that they give you a fortune cookie with the check instead of the almond cookie, I am now walking away much happier. I can finally recommend this great little restaurant.
I (finally) gave Jamburritos another chance this morning after having a yummy sample from them at an event earlier this year. This morning the husband and I shared a chicken jamburrito... it was legit tasty. It had yummy bold flavors, fresh ingredients, juicy chicken, and ...the best part?.... green peas.... yum! It was served with a spicy red sauce and a mild green sauce... the red sauce was delicious, the green sauce was nothing special. The burrito itself was huge, more than enough for the two of us. I would come here again for sure. Glad I gave them another chance!
The pepperoni pizza I had was well done and my husband had a cheese pizza he very much enjoyed. I disappointed not to see some yummy chicken tenders. Preferably in a hot style. Besides pizza there was nothing really else on the menu that I desired to try. Definitely come back for the pizza specially for the price it's a good deal.
This is my one-stop neighborhood shop for supplements and natural products.Every time I drop by Noah's I end up leaving with items I didn't know I wanted!  And it's okay because you feel like you are doing your body a favour!If there's a disaster and you can't take refuge in a Wal-mart you could totally live out of a Noah's.* You have hemp soap and natural shampoos* Overpriced-but-clean-burning incense (not useful in disaster situations but smells nice)* All the vitamins and supplements you need* Food section with sugar-free coconut water, gluten free cupcakes and cookies, and quinoa-almond crisps, etc.I love shopping here.However, do your own research.Unfortunately, some of the staff spend too much time in drum circles instead of learning about their own products.  I didn't agree with their recommendations on a few occasions.  But, it never hurts to ask because it really depends on who serves you.I overheard a staff member telling a customer that Asian people have young looking skin because of all the chicken feet we eat.  (raise eyebrow)Regardless, I still (organic) heart Noah's! =)
Stopped by for the complimentary glass of champagne for Delano hotel guests, and enjoyed the great view of the Vegas strip from a peaceful and quiet setting. Typical pricing for cocktails and small plates, friendly staff, and again... the view cannot be beat! Classy, relaxed location with a great vibe, especially compared to the craziness of the rest of the Vegas strip. Wouldn't hesitate to come back here for drinks or appetizers and to take in the view.
My wife and I have been here quite a few times and I don't know if I'm really qualified to review this place but here goes:  I really appreciate that someone would rub my feet for that long while I get to fall asleep on a really comfortable chair.  Before they get to your feet they work on your head and shoulders which always feels good.  Then they turn you over and work on your back.  My wife thinks it's hit or miss unless you get a guy named David who always does a great job.  I'm just happy to go and relax and can't really tell the difference. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick walk in massage for cheap!
The hotel is just average, but I give a good review based solely upon the pool. The pool area is very large, and they have an adult only pool. The DJ at this pool was pretty cool. Also the servers were very attentive, and their drinks and daybeds were very affordable. The vibe at the pool was awesome.The rooms here have been updated, but the bathroom seemed old. This hotel has a great location, pretty much the center of the strip.
Excellent treats, friendly staff!  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the baked goods are a wee bit expensive. I am happy to pay for special treats on occasion. I have purchased both fresh baked goods and a frozen pot pie. Everything is very tasty, the staff are friendly.
I've been coming to this place since the very beginning. The first time I was here years ago not long after their opening, Russell offered us soup without charge, and was so friendly and welcoming. I've come here for lunches, dinners, and pick-ups. I've had their Korean, Chinese and Hawaiian dishes and none has disappointed. One of my favorites is definitely the jajangmyun (wheat noodles in black bean sauce). The portion is huge and I usually eat about half and take the rest to go. I especially like to order pick-up from here because the food has always been quick and ready for me when I arrive. The service could be a bit slow and at times it's hard to get the servers' attention, but the place is usually pretty busy. This is definitely one of my go-to places for Korean/Hawaiian food, and one of the best in town.
We were feeling lazy tonight so I got on Yelp and seen that this place delivers to us, even though we live pretty far from it.  We ordered a noodle dish, combo fried rice, sweet and sour Thai chicken, Thai Tea, and crab rangoons.   Pretty safe bets for a first time try at a new Asian place.  Next time we plan to be more adventurous because the food was very good.  Large portions, a lot of added proteins to the entrees, not greasy and very well packaged.  The noodle dish was a little bland, but it was still very good.  My fave was the crab Rangoon.   They were a little cold when they reached us, but you could tell they were handmade with tons of filling.  The delivery took a little over an hour on a Friday night, and was only $3.  They put a menu in our bag, so it will definitely go in our keep pile.  :)
When I'm missing that island  feel and having cravings.  Aloha kitchen opened up a few months ago a few blocks from my house.  When I'm craving a musubi I go for the Aloha plate!  It comes with not just one! But two!  YES!! Two!!! 1 and 2!!! Musubi's!  And if that's not enough rice for you it also comes with a scoop of rice, Mac salad, teriyaki chicken, and teriyaki beef.  I think the teriyaki sauce is a bit much so I order it on the side.  I don't like my meat swimming in teriyaki sauce.  I enjoy dining because they play the best island music.
Tried their basic miso ramen and tasted pretty good.  The soup base was flavourful, noodle tasted good and toppings was decent.  My dish came with roasted pork which tasted good but I personally prefer pork belly with my ramen.  Their dumpling was very delicious. It tasted very well with the sauce (I think it's vinegar). My food experience here was good.  It is a good ramen place but not my favorite.
To talk with friends in New York, Philadelphia, or San Francisco they'd lead you to believe that Las Vegas has no culture - an obvious lie to anyone who has seen a show, attended a play, or visited some of the new galleries at places like City Center, Emergency Arts, or The Arts Factory.  Sure there are obvious differences between the cultures of this city and that of old classics like those listed above, but with variety the spice of life I'd almost argue that Vegas is every bit on par with all but perhaps New York in terms of diversity and 24/7 'things to do.'  All in all a great place with a decent enough collection of art the average person can potentially afford, plus a decent restaurant in Bar + Bistro and a number of clever local shops I've now been here thrice and walked away with something each and every time - from a pig magnet made from a cola can to a piece of fine art, plus some really excellent French Toast.
What a concept! Open earlier than MVD, locate in a nice business complex, have pleasant staff!  These folks aren't just for renewals. I got my title, plate, and registration in short order, with a low fee.I'd give you 5 stars if the computer login worked and you didn't have to call IT or whatever.  But honestly, who deserves 5 stars? Aren't we inflating empirical rating systems by giving everyone in the world full credit for doing a clear-cut job fairly well?Great job!
My go to place for my texmex cravings. For under $11 I got a huge large naked shrimp bowl. I usually ask for tons of veggies toppings to make it healthier and to get a bang for my buck! Guac is 80c extra which is a bit annoying thought. Good basic Mexican flavours and efficient service. Usually so pick up but they also have some spots for dine in as well.
A modern and clever way to do all you can eat Korean barbeque. At Let's Meat Kbbq, there is a flat rate for you to eat all your heart desires but it is structured in a way that decreases the potential for unnecessary waste. So essentially, the idea is that you order from a menu for portions of things whether it be meat, vegetables, soups, etc and if you want more, you can always order more. Honestly, some people might not be excited about the "inconvenience" about ordering multiple times but I'm happy with it because I've oftentimes wondered and reflected about the waste! Also, the waiters/waitresses are so attentive that anytime you need anything, they're right there to take your order. Furthermore, they do all the cooking for you, so all you need to do is eat. The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the fact that the price per person is already pretty steep. It seems a little ridiculous to have to pay an additional amount for some of the meats. I won't speak much to the authenticity. I didn't particularly think the meats were flavored well though the bean paste soup was exactly as how I remember my mother making it when I was a wee lass. Lastly, I was really glad that their kimchi was good- it's the first thing I look for when I go to a Korean restaurant.
Great deal on appetizers during Happy Hour.  We tried the pineapple habanero wings, the ribs , sliders and deep fried pickles #fatkid . We both loved the batter for the pickle spears although we were surprised to see spears vs. Chips.. no biggie. Hubby enjoyed the whiskey flight. The Coldcock whiskey was hands down my favorite, an herbal flavored whiskey. The ambiance was ok, seems to be one of those spots that the service is better when you become a "regular".  WE will defiinitely be back and perhaps we will become regulars.
Decided to have my sons birthday here with the main goal of tiring everyone's kids out. We booked online which was fairly easy. It was really a bummer that they only allowed us 15 minutes before our jump time to set up our room. The party room upstairs was set up nicely but we did have lots of decorations to put up so that took some time away from me being able to experience what Gravady had to offer. In between setting up and checking people in throughout the party I was only able to jump with the kids for less than 5 minutes before it was time to get back to the party room. The attendant we had was very helpful in serving our guests and cleaning up spills/messes. Everyone really enjoyed the experience and for many it was their first time going to Gravady. It is kind of pricey for just one hour especially when guests show up late and have only 30 minutes to jump. To offset the cost we made our own food so the fact that they let you bring in basically whatever you want really helped. The facility was very clean and bigger than I expected.. the only weird thing is that the jumpers either go barefoot or have to purchase gravady socks at $4 a pair. I'd much rather have the socks become a requirement and pay the price instead of thinking about all those dirty feet all over the place. The only suggestion I have for the staff is to think about how they can streamline the check in process or make is easier so that the host of the party doesnt have to run back and forth to check people in. And maybe space out party times by 30 mins instead of 15 so that we have enough time to set up and are able to enjoy the facility with our guests. Other than that, everyone had a blast and im sure they slept soundly that night also!
Excellent service.  Had a concern with the products i purchased, but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out.   Friendly staff.
This was my first trip to this restaurant. We went for breakfast and I must say we were very pleased. The portions are huge and the food is really good. I got the banana pecan caramel pancakes and he got this Mexican style eggs Benedict that was amazing.  I will tell you that I felt that our waiter was kind of snooty with us however that would not stop me from going back. I believe in giving everybody the benefit of the doubt and if in the future he's there and continues to have the attitude I'll just ask for a different waitress. I definitely won't let a snooty waiter keep me from enjoying amazing food. They are doing a remodel as of yesterday so it'll be interesting to see what the restaurant looks like once the remodel is done.
Went here for brunch with friends! Had an extremely positive experience. Servers seemed tired, but continually refilled cups of water and chips and salsa.The breakfast tacos were large. 3 were enough to fill you up. I got the crab cake, chorizo hash, and chimi churri. The crab cake and slaw were my favorite of the 3, but all were good.Got a blood orange mimosa, but wouldn't recommend it. It's mixed with cider, not champagne, and the drink felt heavy for brunch.
I thought I had reviewed this already . read my Pink House Treasures review. Great store. LUV it
Great shop. This is more of your traditional Vegas style antique store. But you will also find some non Vegas things too. The owner is very nice and even offered to deliver our purchase for free. If you buy more than one item he is very willing to work on the price with you. We walked out with three items and are very happy!Follow them on Facebook to see what new stuff they got, but I have noticed some of the items already in the shop and then I will see it on FB a few days later, so it's not posted the same day they get it in.Sometimes they close up early though, so call first or don't be mad if they're not there.We'll definitely be back!
Stopped in here for a late lunch one afternoon.Ordered a Reuben sandwich and a bottle of water. Sandwich was made fresh and hot to order.The sandwich was huge! I could only eat half of it and took the other half to go. Sandwich was tasty!The guy running the place was nice.The only thing I will ding the place on is the parking situation. There was no available parking on the street - meaning every available spot was already occupied. I had driven over from my hotel and being from out-of-town had no idea I would not be able to find a place to park. So I ended up paying to park in a pay lot next to the building the Deli is located within.Also note - West 3rd Deli does not deliver - BUT - they have two delivery services they are partnered with - so if you do want to order and have it delivered- you can do so!
Lots of really cute and unique baby items! I love the designer security blankets and burp cloths... Chic idea! They have really cute toys too. Love the little girl's pedicure kit! Staff is really friendly too. Never had a problem. A little pricy, but its a cute store. I'd gladly pay a little extra for unique items!
Dining Experience: LunchSpecialty: German-style Sausage HallMenu items: Bison, Wild Boar and Venison Sausages with Duck Fat FriesWho is in for a sausage party? Well, the kind of party that involves food, that is.Before we begin, let me educate you on the pronunciation of this place - read "Verst". And its exact English translation is non other than sausage (figures). This recently opened spot in the heart of King West has been successfully luring in lunch crowds. With its sausage hall concept, breadth of sausage styles and flavours and an impressive local and imported beer menu; Wvrst has quickly become a favourite in the area and the Friday lunch go-to place for most of us.Their dedication to the core product, sausages; its one to admire. All sausages are freshly made on the premises and cooked when ordered. When you arrive at Wvrst, you right away notice a large line up of people (mostly men...I did say it was a sausage party) staring at the menu, asking the staff for advice and at times drinking beer while waiting in line. Because this is a sausage hall, once your food is ordered, you are given a number which then lets the waiters know which table to bring the food to. One thing you will notice is that because the line-ups are long, the waiters are extremely diligent in cleaning up the tables, so don't feel like they are rushing you, they are just doing their job and are very pleasant.Now, lets talk about the product. From the list, my favourite is the Venison style sausage. Given that its flavour is more on the smokey, nutty and hearty side, it makes it a great pairing with just about any topping. You can choose 2 out of 4 toppings - Caramelized Onions, Sauerkraut, Sweet Peppers and Sautéed Jalapeños. The roll used to wrap these juicy meats around is something worth mentioning, being on the rather soft side, this roll is lightly sweet with a hint of sourdough style bread, a great choice. Note to reader: you can also order a whole wheat roll and choice of veggie or chicken sausage options.Another one of Wvrst's hits is their Duck Fat Fries. Fried in duck fat as opposed to regular oil, the fries tend to be softer and buttery, while maintaining a great consistency on the surface. How this is done? A two step frying process. Double-dipping is what I would name this frying method. The outcome? Buttery and flavourful french fries. But the goodness does not end here, on top of having great tasting fries, Wvrst offers you a selection of dipping sauces. My favourite, and one that I can not live without, the Mojito sauce. Dip your fries in it or add it to your sausage party, either way you in are in for a heck of a tasty treat.Until next time Foodies!Buen Provecho,Viviana.
The nachos and guacamole were really good. It was different than the authentic mexican food I grew up with but overall it was all fresh amd flavorful. It was a good experience.  A twist on the traditional mexican.
We came here with 2 other couples. We usually eat out once a month. We made reservations 6 weeks ago. We were all looking forward to eating at Becketts Table. We sample a different Phoenix restaurant each month. This is the 6th restaurant this year that we have tried. The restaurant was the right amount of noise. We were able to carry on decent conversations here compared to some other places we tried. The beet appetizer was like nothing I've ever tasted. The sweetness of the beets and the spice accompanying it was unique and delicious. The Mac n Cheese appetizer was creamy and comforting. My husband and I split the chopped vegetable salad. This was very refreshing in the summer heat. The pork OssoBucco was tender and a little too salty. It was accompanied by a spaetzle which was even more salty. The beef short ribs were tender and tasty. Maybe a touch too much salt. 3 people at our table had the salmon. It must have been good because they did not say a word. The broccolini side was perfect as far as sides go. I'd like to go back and try this place again.
Food is great. Meats are fresh and service is good. The only reason I give 4 start is because the wait time is over an hour.
I've been waiting a long time to try this restaurant. Just hearing about it from friends and reading reviews on Yelp made it that much more exciting. It's a very nice place, nice drive up entry and lobby, nice interior decor. It puts you in the mood for a nice relaxing dinner. Our server this night was Keith and he was very knowledgeable, prompt and patient. He explained everything from how the meal would be served, from the salad to the actual carving of the prime rib. You don't have to be concerned if you aren't sure what the various cuts of meat are. He said that when the chef comes table side he will show you the actual sizes. Okay. First off, you get your drink orders filled, then you start off with your salad when you are ready. The salad is prepared table side on a cart with a large bowl in a bed of ice. The server proceeds to spin the bowl and tosses the dressing into it. They have a house seasoned pepper to put on your salad which is made by Lawry's. Very good and refreshing.Next comes the main course... The prime rib! Yours truly opted for the Diamond Jim Brady cut, medium rare which has the bone in. It' s actually not that big of a serving when you consider that the bone is in. I think it was a 16oz cut. It was done perfect and I had it with the creamed spinach. Mashed potatoes come with it and the au jus is laddled onto your prime rib. Oh, and don't forget the Yorkshire pudding!  Also, my dining companion and I decided on a sizzling plate of mushrooms which were sautéed in butter and garlic. As for dessert, well, that was far from my mind at the time! It was a very delicious and satisfying meal. If you decide on coming here for dinner, I suggest you have just a light lunch that day, I did and I'm glad I prepared myself for dinner! I really enjoyed my dining experience here and what made it even better was the excellent service provided by the employees here. From the front reception area to the servers, valet, they are very friendly and cordial. Give them a try when you're in Vegas.
Genuine Italian food.  Very pricey wine list.  Hidden location, unless you know.
We ordered the spicy and house ramen and the grilled calamari when went there for dinner. I thought the spicy ramen was very good. I got the level 1 spicy. I thought the broth was nice and balanced. The pork was tender and the egg was perfectly cooked. I know it's a sin to say that but I wasn't the biggest fan of the dried baby shrimp on top. I could do without them in general. They remind me of fish food. My wife got the house ramen and  really liked it. The noodles were tender and the broth was hearty, and right amount of salt.Didn't enjoy the calamari. Mainly maybe because it was served a while after we got our ramen and we were almost full by then. Service was very good and friendly.
Montreal's bagels. everyone telling me about how good they are.... so I guess visiting St Viateur is on top of my to do list for my weekend in Montreal.This location is the first I visited. Nothing fancy here, bagels... and more bagels.For this afternoon only plain, sesame and poppy seeds are available. We also pick up some smoked salmon spread to go with them.If you love your bagels dense, heavy and sweet... these babies are for you!
Talk about nostalgia. Stopping in at Smeeks was like going back in time to all those awkward childhood days. Minus the awkwardness. This shop is adorable and their selection is even cuter. Charleston Chews, Pez dispensers, Salt Water Taffy, etc. All classics from back in the day. They also have a wall of old toys...the silly trinkets that you'd be willing to spend your whole allowance on as a kid. $5 for a miniature rotary phone? Of course! A mini Etch-A-Sketch to hang from your key chain? Hell yeah! Smeeks is bringing back the good old days.Anyway, this place is great. Silly toys, tasty candy, and super cute gifts for anyone. I will totally be back.
We always stay at The Orleans when we go to Vegas with our kids. We rely on the Cafe quite often after being out and about all day...and into the night, sometimes. We didn't know that the Cafe had been renovated since our last visit so we were a little nervous. Well, no need to be nervous...they had a better choice of menu items and the service was just as good as it always was. Eileen was exceptionally good. She was funny and friendly and the service was great.
Ambiance/decor-3Service-5Food-5Strikeouts-0/3This place has been out for a while. The place is designed to look modern, but the place is overall dim, so you can't really notice anything negative or positive. Overall look is average.Service here was impeccable. Even with a full house and people constantly coming in and out of the restaurant, I felt my table had 2-3 dedicated waiters at our beck and call. However, not everyone there speaks chinese though. Regardless, our plates were changed, soups were served into bowls, teas refilled, and fast paced service. The food just kept non-stop. Definitely top notch service for a chinese cuisine place, and a chain at that. My table ordered the 8 person combo, at $238 with green onion rolled pancake with sliced pork, 2 extra orders of Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Ground Pork, and Steamed Soup Filled Dumplings with Dried Scallops, Pork & Luffa. The combo included, 5 variety cold dish, fish maw soup, peking duck with lettuce wrap upgrade, broccoli and eggs, leg of a pig, seafood veggie mix, steamed fish, mushroom greens, and lobster e-fu noodles.Let's start off with the extra sides. The steamed dumplings are definitely good. Not as good as Xiao Long Bao that opened up just down on huntingwood, but still better than most places. The green onion pancake with sliced pork is definitely top notch. I find most places skimp on the green onion, the sauce, or/either the amount of pork. This place got it just right!! I was honestly expecting subpar food since this place was a chain, but a lot of the items were above expectations. The ones that shone the most were definitely the 5 variety cold dish taking first, broccoli and eggs taking second, and peking duck takes the third.The cold dish honestly surprised me, it is usually too cold, making it lack flavour or too hard/chewy to have good texture. This one was bursting with flavour, moist and appetizing. The eggs within the broccoli is usually tame, but this one made my eyes go O_O, "what is this?" I typically don't care for this dish, but this was unique. It was strong, but not too salty and it didn't require any vinegar at all. Peking duck taste third, since there was ample meat in each slice, and the mix with the lettuce was crispy and refreshing!All pictures attached, and definitely recommend people come try, as this chain restaurant is better than some traditionally opened chinese restaurants!
Delicious food available here, and the options are good. I had the Mac and Cheese with a tequila sauce and chili panko seasoning, and it was delicious; perfect for a cooler day. The servers are friendly, and if you order the guacamole to start, they will come by and mash it together in front of you!They have a great selection of tequila at the bar (as a Mexican restaurant should) and the margaritas look delicious. I'll be back to try for sure.The price can be a bit steep, but worth the cost to get food this good. 3 tacos are $12, Mac and Cheese was $14.
I'm a fan of any underdog, and Target has it's work cut out under the shadow of Walmart.I was mostly wandering aimlessly when I entered,The food is pretty well priced, the aisles are wide and bright.I like the fact that I walked out from the cashier without taking my change ($60) and the cashier tracked me down to give it back. A big plus
Nice enough looking location.  Parking is plentiful.Waiter was engaging but did disappear for long spells.Food was good, not sure we had anything that was AMAZING.Worth at least a revisit.
I ordered Chicken Piccata and Caesar Salad and my boyfriend order Chicken Parm. Both meals were delicious although the chicken on mine was a little thick. I prefer thinner cutlets. Staff was friendly and personable and atmosphere was cozy. I will definitely be back!
I had the pleasure of dining at Bouchon last week for the first time.  Will I go back?  Certainly.  My beet salad was wonderfully refreshing, the moules frites excellent, and creme brulee great (can you really f-up creme brulee?  I hope not).My husband had the french onion soup and blood sausage.  Both were exceptional. The service is top-notch and we will certainly be back again next year.  I didn't quite have same the earth-shattering experience that Tony Bourdain had over the frites- they were good, but got a little soggy as the meal wore on...  However, I was quite pleased that I finally found a restaurant on the strip that could make a gin fizz.  Bouchon is worth the stinky walk through Venetian for a great meal.
This show is all about managing expectations. If you go in the show expecting some type of Cirque-show you will be disappointed. However, if you go into it thinking you'll hear some good tunes and see some spot-on Beatles impersonators then you'll have a good time. :) My family and I were in Vegas during the week (M-Thu) and would you believe the top shows that we wanted to see were all blacked out (Jabbawockeez, O, and LOVE), but in order to make the best of the situation we decided to see the BeatleShow, mostly because my Mom is a huge Beatles fan. I would have to say that we really enjoyed ourselves. My parents enjoyed singing along and the emcees (in the form of Ed Sullivan, Austin Powers, etc.) tried to make it interactive as well. I do have to say that they really don't look too much like the Beatles (although the person who was George was really the closest match), however, they sounded just like them! And if I had to choose between looking like the Beatles or singing like the Beatles I would of course choose the latter. They sang and played their instruments wonderfully!The show seemed a little short (85 mins I think is what other Yelpers are saying)  and I would've enjoyed hearing more songs (Obla-di-oh-bla-da, more psychedelic Beatles songs--Lucy in the Sky, Strawberry Fields) but for the price I was okay with it ($35). BTW, they are constantly doing deals on this show whether it be through Yelp, or Tix4Tonight, etc. so there is no reason why you should be paying full price!Overall, if you are in Vegas midweek like I was, a Beatles fan and would like to see a good show at a good price, this one might be for you!
Loved it!  Wonderful Ambience, Delicious Food, Great Service!
Visiting from CA & arrived at the hotel on a sunday night (yesterday). I didn't have a lot of options but the front desk suggested this place. I got the shrimp sandwich & jalapeño poppers for delivery. The food took a while & when I called the restaurant, the workers sounded baffled bc my order had been lost. It wasn't until the manager (Matt, I believe) came on the line to help me out. I guess the driver had gotten lost & went to the wrong hotel. In the middle of my meal, I realized I didn't get a receipt so I called back & the manager was willing to drop it off on his way home. I thought that was really sweet but I insisted he drop it off tomorrow. I still woke up to my receipt & I must say, I was really impressed by him. The fact that I'm from out of town clearly means I won't be a regular here, so he didn't have to go out of his way. It was unfortunate my food was late but unlike the servers who answered the phone & casually just said my order wasn't placed, then handed the phone to the manager because they didn't want to deal with me, the manager going out of his way to make sure I was happy really stood out to me. Also, the food really IS delicious.
Tried it after being open less than 2 wks. Was disappointed they didn't have their liquor license yet to enjoy a glass of wine with dinner.Food was very flavorful. Decor and ambiance was great away from that front window area. Loved the Baba ganoush and never had to ask for more bread. The salad was great too but too large. Share one next time. The kibbe was not at all what I have had all of my life - very different flavor of herbs and somewhat dry. I'd try something else next time.Service was way above average, especially in Las Vegas.
Such a neat hot dog joint! The fact that they have vegan hot dogs make them better! And I love the fried plantains....mmmm!Thanks Simon's!
Buca is a lovely intimate space to celebrate any special event. The space is a great blend between industrial, rustic and upscale aesthetics. We had great service and our waitress was very helpful with recommendations.We came over the holidays to celebrate a birthday and had a great adventurous meal. You can definitely come across items that can't be found anywhere else! We started the night with Salumi De Buca and we got the lardo, spalla and the salsiccine. It was my first time trying lardo in this way, and it's texture was like caramel but tasted like cream. Very interesting! Next was the Trota, steelhead trout with a yogurt and herbs on top. The raw trout was fatty and meatier-tasting than tuna sashimi (as a benchmark) but the preparation kept it light and balanced. The most adventurous dish of the night was the Cervello. It's basically lamb's brain wrapped in a crispy salty bacon wrap. It sounds crazy but the brain is very light and has the texture of cream-cheese. It was a fun dish.Of course, if you want to be less adventurous there are plenty of pastas, pizzas and entrees to choose from. The table next to us had some younger kids and the kitchen was able to accommodate making simple pastas for them.
Love UO but still very expensive, got a good selection of Levi's 511 and 510 for about $80, I can get the same pair of jeans for half that in the States!! Graphic tees are nice recently bought the Kelly Kapowski tee $25, its good quality and has a nice fit, there's some graphics that were decent but not for $25, good selection but overall very expensive
I will say that I just went her for the beers, But after checking out some of the food I was very impressed this is not just a beer house. It has a serious chef in the back and pushing out some amazing food! If you are in the area I really think you would do well in checking out this place! diff worth it.
Came here to try their charcoal lamb skewers; in my opinion, didn't have enough flavour, lacking cumin taste.. Which is really easy to fix.Tried a whole bunch of items on their menu, popcorn chicken, Taiwanese fried chicken, taco wasabi, calamari, chicken wings, beef skewers, Chinese sausages, rib skewers, gizzards... I felt the flavouring needed more work.. But that's just my opinion. Some of my friends said it was good and others felt the same as me.Been here a few more times (this is the only Asian style bar food on Main St). The food, in my opinion did get better. Can't wait till summer to come here with friends and just sit on the patio to drink beer and eat skewers while checking out Main Street!! Will definitely be back and recommend to others.Overall experience is good, Korean waitresses are hot!!Nice place to throw darts, watch sports on tv, and chill out on Main Street!!!Once summer comes around, I'm sure the smell and sight of the lambs skewers will just sell itself!!!Super happy they have this type of food on Main Street now!! Price is not bad considering its Main Street. Love chilling on Main Street in the summer time!!
Wow! Don't judge a book by it's cover! Although Original Gyro looks like a hole in the wall that would serve poor quality cheap food, I assure you it is quite the opposite. Per hubby's request, we stopped at the OG on our way home the other night for some quick take out.  For $8 each we got a meal with our choice of protein, pita and two sides. I chose the chicken with fries and a salad while hubs got the pork kabob (forget the official name) with rice and a salad. We watched as the cook cut the potatoes and cook my fries on the spot! Delic! My only criticism is that they were is desperate need of salt. The salad was huge with large chunks of cucumbers, tomatoes, olives and feta. The vinegarette was tasty but a bit sweet for my liking. My chicken was spot on. So much so that my husband quickly gobbled down my leftovers before I could save them for tomorrow's lunch. All in all, good food, great quality and huge portions. I'm a fan!
4.5 stars because of the great service and the rolls/sushi made with minimal rice. Each piece of roll was not that big so it makes it easier to try more variety of rolls. We had a large party of 10 + 2 kids and they gave us the room to the front that was walled off to the side. That accommodated us perfectly! It was Friday night too at 7pm and we were seated pretty much right away! The waitress- Raynee?- was very sweet and attentive to us. She even offered to split the check into two separate ones to make it easier for us. They also didn't make a big deal about several people in the party not getting the AYCE but only getting a teriyaki plate. There were so many rolls to choose from. Yeah, the sushi was not the freshest I've tasted in my life, but was pretty good quality and I like the small cuts so it's not too filling. The skewers were really small and I think it was limited to one piece per. There were also a few other items on the menu which are limited to one per person. Next time I'm visiting Vegas, I'd return with several people again so we can try a more variety of rolls!
Great to find a 24/7 place in Toronto. It has a hip ambience to its environment with artistically decaled walls and seats; half diner half low key speakeasy. I decided to try the general chicken and waffles but other popular dishes include their Blueberry Hill and their French toast. Service is pleasant and welcoming.
This is one of our go-to places for lunch at the office! Zuppa's is the cure for the all of those boring chain soup/sandwich places. Their sandwich menu is creative and everything is delicious. My two favorites are the Meatloaf Sandwich  and the Little Italy. The meatloaf sandwich is a meal in itself piled with meatloaf, bacon, bbq sauce and mashed potatoes - it makes me hungry just thinking about it! The Little Italy is Italian bread, prosciutto, fig spread, fresh buffalo mozzarella, and field greens. They have a several homemade soups on the menu (tomato bisque, shrimp and corn chowder, minnestrone) but also have two daily soups that range from anything from cream of mushroom to Guinness stew.Don't forget the homemade cannoli! The flavors change daily too. So far I've had vanilla, pistachio, pumpkin, and peanut butter.
I'm not crazy about the prices, but that is one quality burger! This is my second visit and they didn't leave me disappointed yet again. This time I got a milkshake with my meal and it's small, but very delicious. I would definitely split a burger with my boyfriend to cut the cost of spending $30 at a "fast food" place however.
Absolutely amazing poutine!!  The vibe was overly trendy and posh, even for a girl from NYC.  Food and drinks were excellent, decent service.  Be sure to make a reservation, as the host/hostess assured us there was no available seating without one.
Could use a remodeling job, but the food is really good for the area.  The wait staff is very attentive, and the free chips and hot sauce for dipping, are REALLY GOOD.  The fajitas are my usual.  Worth the visit and you'll leave satisfied.
Good portions and good value. We had simple breakfast food. Eggs, potatoes and french toast were yummy. We will be back.
This is the best sushi I've ever enjoyed. Although the wait for s table on Saturday night was close to half an hour and akin to waiting to get into a club, the impressive menu, super friendly staff, and phenomenal food was well worth the wait. The sake selection is impressive, as are Ru San's specialty rolls. For those who enjoy nigiri, an equally impressive selection is available, at a reasonable price, and is very high quality. Pricing is actually less expensive than many "wannabe" sushi places. I'd give Ru San's five stars if they could work out their wait list and waiting area issues.
This is a nice place to come and hang with friends and have a few drinks. The whole place is centered around beer. The moment you wake in there is a wall of beer to the right. At the bar there are two additional cooler also filled with beer, both import and domestic. Need less to say the also have a good number of beer on draft.Bottom line if your that into beer there is not a huge reason for you to come here. Not to discourage their food.
Great little breakfast spot in the Stratosphere. Good service and good food. I had the caprese benedict that had fresh tomato, mozzarella and a pesto hollendaise that was amazing. Comes with hash browns and strawberries. Just yummy.Hubby has a breakfast that included eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, hashbrowns and toast.. .a carnivores delight. He said his was good as well.  I'll go back.
I've gotta say, I enjoy my Thai Tai subs. My favourite sub is the Teriyaki Chicken with some cucumber, carrots and cilantro. The bun has a nice crunch to the crust. It's just the right thickness to go with the sub filling as well.I quite enjoy the lychee smoothie as well. It's the same thing as the bubble tea, just without the bubbles. You heard it here, you can definitely ask for your bubble tea without the bubbles. Little jelly things in my drink just freaks me out a little.Note: I'm not sure about the other locations, but the 17th Ave spot is more of a walk-in/take-out kind of a place. There's one bench to sit down and wait on, but no tables. It works if you got the sub, but if you ordered any of the other meals, expect to be finding somewhere else to eat it.
Great food.  Tacos are wonderful.  Service is prompt and friendly.  I had some issues with the air quality inside; because of my asthma I was pretty done after an hour sitting inside.  However on the plus side, they have a nice seating space outside for a few tables.  I would sit outside next time.  And there will be a next time for sure!
We went to the new location this past weekend and it was much better than the last time we ate here.The restaurant is way nicer and brighter than before, which I liked.  The servers were super nice and friendly.Three of us ordered the mahi mahi special and it was delicious.  We all loved it.  It was perfectly cooked and on a bed of spanish rice which was good too.  My husband ordered the lamb and he enjoyed his meal as well.For dessert, we got the tiramisu and thought it was excellent.  Can't wait to go back!
I was in the area with family, headed to a concert at Celebrity Theater. We stopped in here to have dinner and it was pretty good. It's far from me and I wouldn't make the trip just to eat here, but if I was in the area, I'd definitely come back.It's a bit pricey. Two two-meat platters (comes with two sides), one pulled pork meal (one side), 3 drinks and tip was $56~Ribs and brisket were decent, not the best, but better than most. I make ribs at home, so I'm super picky about these.My wife and my dad both said the pulled pork was excellent. I thought their BBQ sauce was original and very tasty. I assume they're making it in house and that it's not a commercial restaurant product.Mac and cheese was ok, with a good flavor but the texture was off. It was quite mushy. My wife loves green beans and she said they were really good. I had collard greens and these were cooked perfectly. I'm used to them being cooked with smoked meat for flavor. These were not, but were still tender and nicely seasoned.Portions are the right size.I think we stopped in like 30 minutes to closing, so that could explain the Mac and Cheese.Really nice people running the place, were welcoming and courteous.
On the rare occasion I make the drive all the way over here, I always want to check out new places to eat, so I saw this one and saw what good reviews it had. At first I thought it was a more dine in place, but it's kind of like chipotle but Mediterranean style. I got the chicken bowl with hummus veggies and the spicy sauce they have. It was really good, and they also had sugar free drinks which were tasty as well. The chicken was alright, I'd probably skip that next time and just stick to the veggies. Cool concept good food and service was good too.
I couple of the dishes could be better from their menu. But they have a 5 course menu once every month with original dishes which was one of the best dinning experiences I've had. You can choose meat, vegan or vegetarian. My boyfriend got vegan and I got vegetarian so we were able to try everything. Only thing is I wish there was a little more lighting inside.Been here about 5 or 6 times and service has always been goo
My kind of small hang out.  I stumbled on this place this morning.  The bagels are seasoned on both sides. Love this place
There is a LONG wait here, so if your are in a hurry or starving go somewhere else. I ordered the cobb salad that was HUGE and wonderful! The applewood smoked bacon made it....huge hunks of eggs and avocados. It's a cute little place, but be patient and don't be a clean freak....I ordered coffee and water & could see "stuff" like lip marks on both...it was interesting!
Tried the philly super steak with grilled onions, cheese and peppers which came in a soft hoagie style bun this was good.  The homemade skin on fries were heavenly, these were some of the best I've had.
I came here on a Saturday night with a friend. I ordered a Mexican Bulldog which came in a mason jar (very cute) but the flavour was lacking. It tasted watered down. Started with the nachos and guacamole which was just okay I would say. The reason I think it's okay is because avocado is delicious and it's always going to be good no matter how you make it lol and to be honest,  the guacamole that I make at home is way better. Our server wasn't the best in the world she would barely come by and we were often looking for her and trying to wave her down but she was never available. The tacos were amazing. I got the chorizo tacos and my friend got the shrimp tacos and they were both to die for. I will definitely come back for those tacos and I would like to try other appetizers. The atmosphere was great, they had a salsa band playing which contributed to a great Saturday night. I would definitely come again.
Great food.  Family dining. Good service and price.
We neded a new car and Michelle in Internet sales was very good.  She provided the pricing information as requested and provided us with a spot on non-pushy salesperson named Troy. A great experience in buying the 2012 Passat.
Fun, fun, fun. Here to celebrate the birthday of one of my son's friends. Be warned...Saturday afternoons can be PACKED! We arrived early enough to beat the crowd. I was pleasantly surprised by the food...and drinks. Pretty tasty and the menu was extensive. We had wings and sliders. Wings have a kick so they aren't for amateurs. And the sliders inspired me to go buy Hawaiian rolls and make some myself! They were really tasty. Bring your wallets. The kids will want to pack their cards to pack in the games!
first time here ordered egg rolls,half chicken dinner,poy boy, wings,and half rack dinner.everything was very good.will be back.next time im going next door to get a case to drink with meal.
I was finally able to go to Winterlicious dinner this year after previous attempts of organizing such events with no luck. What went from 6 people turned into 11 amazing group of friends going to dinner together. Midi is relatively small and cozy bistro but the staff handled our large group very well. The Winterlicious menu was only $25.00 and I would say you definitely get your dollars worth. As a starter I had the Salad Midi which was nice and light way start to my meal. It was made with mixed greens, prosciutto, asiago cheese, dried berries & pesto drizzle.  But of course, I had to steal from others plates as well. The Crostini was superb as well! For the main, I decided to go with the Fettuccini with Black Tiger Shrimp, Atlantic Salmon, Mussels, Roasted Red Peppers, Baby Spinach in a Rose Sauce. I was slightly disappointed with the main. I wish they had made the salmon and red peppers into bigger pieces instead of blending it into the sauce. The Black Tiger Shrimp was amazing and fresh though. For dessert I had the Profiteroles which is Choux Pastry with Vanilla ice Cream & Hot Chocolate Sauce. It was my first time trying Profiteroles and I have to say I didn't enjoy them as much as I would have liked to. The Choux Pastry tasted somewhat like soggy pancakes because the ice cream was melting and the Hot Chocolate Sauce tasted like store bought chocolate sauce. There was nothing special about it.  Overall, I had a fantastic time at Midi. The service was fantastic. The washroom was kept clean. The portions were great. Definitely will go back but this time with a smaller group or just a romantic date! ;)
It's true, Charlotte is home to some real "famous Chicken 'n Biscuits," but I think the award is currently contested. Damn Holler & Dash, I tell you what, there's some magic going on behind that counter. I guess I should elaborate!Around here is where I'd typically insert the obvious hollaback one liner. I'll yield to the other reviews, you beat me to it! When you walk in, the warm, natural interior design makes you feel very welcome. Good use of several elements such as stone, timber, and an exposed ceiling give the whole dining area a spacious atmosphere. When I visited Saturday morning it was very clean and ready for a big rush.Speaking of rush, if you want a calm visit then make sure you stop by as early as possible (they open at 7am every morning). The place fills up very fast. Fortunately they have a TON of staff on hand to handle to the heavy hours.My first visit I tried one of the signature biscuits: Chicken Set Go! There was a bit of a sticker shock on the price at $9, however once you get it, you'll see that this is no ordinary biscuit. First of all, it's HUGE. I mean the top half of the biscuit is larger than the whole of what you'd get at most places. This particular creation had moist, seasoned fried chicken topped with pimento cheese, pickled jalapeno, sorghum, and served with a side.It's a winner! Wow, that chicken tho. The chicken was moist, and had the right concoction of spices. Perfectly breaded and fried right on the money. Just the right amount of crunch for a best-case biscuit. Pimento cheese provided a delicious creaminess and the pickled jalapenos the right amount of sour astringency to redline all of my tastebuds. Who knew a biscuit could be this complex, yet all come together to make the breakfast of your dreams? What I thought was overpriced at first all the sudden had a ton of value in size, taste, and presentation.The cheese grits were very good. A lot of "Southern Breakfast" places around here give you a bowl of grits that look almost watered down, for me the thicker the better and here they do it right. Very well seasoned too, which is not always a gimme when it comes to grits. The kitchen staff has really proven themselves with my breakfast.The only problem for the rest of my day was that I was ready to take a nap about 20 minutes after eating this! Southern comfort meets upscale living, granny got nothing on this.
This was my go to supplier of peacock feathers when our cat Skeeter was still alive.  Love the MadCat Bucks too!
Came to Phoenix from San Francisco specifically for a show at the Crescent Ballroom - and what an awesome venue. Love the outdoor seating and the drinks were great. They poured hefty servings of Glenlivet 12 and their Crescent Crush house cocktail - their take on a Greyhound - and served in a pint glass was dangerously delicious. The ballroom was perfect - small and loud. Definitely coming back.
This is a dental office I have loved for 6 years. Originally chosen for location to my job but kept due to the ease of doing business with. My office relocated to uptown but I still make the trip to their office for any of my daughter's or my dental needs.
There are numerous Vietnamese restaurants in Mississauga but this one always seems to be on people's top five best. I have been here in the past but I decide to do a review based on the last visit over the Thanksgiving long weekend. I had the pho with beef flank, tripe and tendon.Overall it was a good meal. The portions were large indeed. Lots of noodles and plenty of beef strips and tripe. Tendon was smooth and tender. However the biggest win is they sprinkle very little cilantro! Overall a place to visit when you are in Mississauga. And only 7 mins drive from Square One.
Love the chicken. It's always hot and fresh tasting. I've never had any issues at this location beside the fact that they're BUSY. But that's why the drive through is designed to hold so many cars. It is what it is people.
We were out of town on a business trip and looking for somewhere local but not too pricy to eat. We found a flyer for this place in the door of our hotel room so we decided to give it a shot. The inside of the place is a total dump but don't let that fool you! We ordered three pizzas, two pepperoni and one meat lovers. Also I had the turkey sandwich. The pizza was fantastic!!! The crust is thin crust but it's yummy! The cheese and pepperoni are really yummy too! Good quality cheese. The meat lovers was amazing too! The turkey sandwich was pretty good the only thing I didn't like was that I didn't know it came with onions (the menu only says it comes with cheese) and I don't really like onions but what ever because after I bit into one I just took them off. Overall would highly recommend this place if you're in Vegas and looking for a good pizza place or a mom and pop restaurant to support.P.s. The prices are fair too it was $20 for a medium pepperoni and a turkey sandwich
Great location! Beautiful Lakefront view. Customer service was also excellent. Large menu with a large selection. I ordered the crab toast to start and the wild mushroom flatbread. Highly recommend both! I'll be coming here again.
A very clean place. From the seating area (non-sticky tables) to the open kitchen! The owners are superb people. 1st Timer... And just by the service, smell of the food (no grease in the air), and the up beat pace in the kitche... I'll be back!
This place is truly some of the best fusion of American and Vietnamese fusion food I've ever had. Located about fifteen minutes from the vegas strip, district one is superb at bringing intense flavors to each customers dish.Some of the dishes they are known for are the oxtail fried rice, the oxtail pho, the Mekong soup ( I believe it's made with beef, shrimp, fish balls, and pork. Also there known for the Grilled squid and the fish tacos. So when my wife and I took out friend there we offered half the menu, Lol...with no regrets. We had to eat the oxtail fried rice, pork buns, grilled squid and a few other entrees. The oxtail fried rice was a bit salty but very unique in texture and taste. We enjoyed it and would definite try it again. The grilled squid had ok it had a few to much of a burnt taste to it and I couldn't enjoy it like I thought I could. The fish tacos we ordered didn't come with soft tacos like I was hoping they would. They were very small in size and reminded me of fried wontons. Although the fish was very small the fresh vegetables on it had great flavor and was refreshing for my tastebuds. All in all we were satisfied with our good and the staff is very nice and attentive here. They provided excellent customer service and had no problem helping us with our orders and offer us their sound advice about dishes.Overall we had about six dishes and our bill was about seventy dollars and that's before the tip. The serving sizes are decent and filling. Another great aspect about this location is that there open from 11am- 3pm everyday. That's definitely great when you wanna late night meal and don't wanna deal with the crowds.
My hubby and I went here on Valentine's Day. It was our first time there. Even though it is BYOB, we were not prepared and did not have a bottle with us.  Then, when I checked in on Yelp, I was surprised to see that an offer popped up for a free glass of wine.  When I asked the waitress about it, she asked the owner, who came over and made sure we each got a small glass of red wine!  Pleasant surprise.The restaurant is in a small, intimate space. Tables are close together, and the wait staff is very friendly and seems like part of a family.  The owner came up to our table and greeted us and chatted with us.  The relaxed atmosphere made it feel as if we were at a large family event, like a wedding reception.The food was great. We had a selection of cold and warm appetizers, and a shish kabob entree.  Having been to Istanbul, I was hoping for a vibe that might take me back... and I must say, it did not disappoint!For a special occasion or just a dinner out on any night of the week, I definitely recommend Istanbul Sofra.
Great authentic Mediterranean restaurant. Lamb was excellent and had the best baklava I have ever had. Definitely be back soon!
I've ordered here several times now. Food tasty. Always consistant. Still waitng on that "Cali" level of Thai though I have yet to find anywhere in Az ( which is why 4 stars instead of 5) Great food though. Good quality
The most unhealthy place I have ever eaten. The scrambler is insane! Eggs + meat + cheese. Oh my lord it's huge. If you can handle the cholesterol spike, go.
I ordered 2 xl pizzas, the Mama Mia and the grilled garlic chicken. They were incredible. I ordered them earlier in the morning to be ready at 11:30 for lunch. When I walked in a few minutes before 11:30 they were just coming out of the oven. They were hot and fresh. Great service. Everyone on my crew loved the pizza. I will definitely be back
I scheduled my 2008 Malibu in for a recall notice I had received back in December 2012. The letter said schedule an appointment after january, so I waited for June.Henderson Chevrolet had just gone through a major facelift and took about a minute to get use to. So I found Larry and Ray, both service advisors I have had an opportunity to trust in years past. I left my car and visited Tom the service manager and then I strolled through the showroom and said hello the Greg in passing as I made my way to the parts counter. I decided to purchase new wiper blades for my Malibu since they only last two months in Las Vegas heat. I asked Larry to toss them in the backseat so I wouldn't have to call them around with me. By 9:30 am , the technician "jasperson", was parking my car in the pick up area. I picked up my receipt and keys and went to my car, and the wiper blades were already installed on my car and the windshield was cleaned. A very nice touch for a warranty ticket. Good service overall.
Tried for Queen's Feast. Decent enough and waitstaff was good. Even got wine with our price-fixed menu which I thought was nice. In accessible location with plenty of parking.
I'd almost give this one half star more.  It is really good food.  Cool atmosphere.  but the food was not the best I ever had, so it gets 4 starts.  Had the love me tenderloin sandwich.  very good.  the curry sauce for the sweet potato fries was a nice change.  They have complimentary valet here.  not sure they need valet or not, but it is an added expense.  The meal wasn't too overpriced.
Seated on time, no delay with reservation. Food very good food and service. Well worth the money. Parking is tough have to use complimentary valet.
The food was good. The ceasar salad was wet so the sauce fell of it. Also, there is very little bacon in the salad. But the lasagna made up for the starter. The lasagna was great loved the tomato sauce could do with more beef but overall it was good.
Angelia`s Pizza is a very solid go-to pie at a pretty reasonable price. Try some of the specialty pizzas you cannot go wrong! It would be nice to have a dining room to sit down and eat after the Moon games and practices!  We will continue to enjoy your pizza!
There are two towers here at the Palms. The one over the casino offers rooms to the public. They have a food court, buffet and a few nicer restaurants. The other tower is where we stayed.  You can book through vrbo or airbnb etc. Most of the units are owned and rented out by the owners. The front desk handles the check in and house keeping. We came in for some r and r as well as a concert. The rooms have full kitchens with plates,  pots and silverware etc. Stove, refrigerator and dishwasher. The bathrooms are awesome, nicely tiled. Very  large bath tubs. Separate large shower with an overhead fixture as well as the regular sprayer.Bed was super comfy and was set up with four pillows. Nice balcony  (27th floor) and view.No casino in this tower, but there is a second floor connector tunnel that will take you to the casino. There's also one restaurant.We paid $330 total for two nights, not bad.
If you people really think that this Safeway is all that ghetto then I'd hate to see your asses try to get by on the east coast...or maybe LA.  Granted, this Safeway does have its share of transients (who overnight at the park across the street), but all in all it's a pretty good grocery store.  For the most part it's clean. They provide those sani-wipes at the front door, and the wine and floral selection is kickin.  On occasion, I've seen some check-out mayhem, but for the most part they do a good job (during daylight hours anyway) of adding checkers when needed and are usually very helpful and pleasant (considering they're being paid minimum wage to do a job that you do yourself at Fresh & Easy or any supermarket on the east coast).I will say I was bummed today when I did 95% of my shopping only to get to the end and find that they had neither the brats, nor Italian sausage I was looking for and i had to make a double grocery excursion to hit up the ghetto Fry's on Thomas.I also have to give this Safeway props, b/c while my fave Starbucks (in the same shopping center) was being renovated, that S'buck's kiosk kept me amped in the AM.
Awesome gym to go to. I've been coming here for some time. Eos fitness overall is a great gym to come to and the staff is great as well, but mainly I want to give a special shoutout to Casey, this man was so generous and down to earth, he went above and beyond to help me find my phone when I had lost it here. He actually let me borrow his phone to track down my iPhone and thanks to him I found it. He's the real MVP :)
Stopped by there for a refreshment on our way from Ikea Tempe to Tucson. I've been seeing everyone's drinks on insta and had to try it out. We got there and their posted menu is small but there is more on their website!! They have every flavor you can imagine. The employee who took our order was very nice and helped us make a selection based on what she thought we would like. I ended up with a grapefruit berry soda and my sister with the red white and blue. If I lived there I would spend $$$ at Dutch Bros. Check out their Instagram (we missed Shine by 1 day!) and website to curate your best drink.
Very friendly, welcoming place - both wait staff and owners! Was looking for a good breakfast place away from the Strip and we found it. Berry waffles for me, and omelet for the husband. Good coffee too.
Great Happy Hour everyday! Love this place. Probably my favorite place for sushi in Scottsdale. Def. the best happy hour. But I did take one star because they desperately need to update their menu. For months now there are incorrect items...including last night when I ordered the Tempure Ice Cream only to find out they no longer use Chocolate & Peanut Butter ice cream but they now use Chocolate & Banana. Same with the drink menu. Not a huge deal...just a little annoying.
The Trump is pretty rad.Pros: -Beautiful rooms with kitchenette, fridge, jacuzzi tub, 24 hour room service-Free shuttles to Wynn and Caesars palace that we never waited more than 5 minutes for-Fashion show mall across the street is awesome-Cheap for a five star hotel- "Free" wifi included in the resort fee- Quiet and smoke free-free 4pm checkout time if you call the desk! Loved this.Cons:-No casino for those who do care-pool is dead, go to Wynn for a real pool!-Cost us 6 bucks to use the business center Internet...-Limited restaurant choices ... I.e. there is like, one really expensive one-Since it is off the strip views are kind of weird in most rooms.The Trump is a great hotel for those looking for a luxury experience without a big price tag. We spent most of our time at the Wynn /encore anyway so the shuttle was perfect. Would recommend for sure especially cause I don't really gamble. Not gonna lie pool was disappointing though! Oh well..
Can't beat the recliners and location.  I just saw Oceans 8 on opening night and had no problems. I could order the seats of my choice online and pick where I want to sit ahead of time. Also, parking is never a problem and there are some decent food/drink options for before or after the movie.  This is my go to spot for a movie and every time I go has been a great experience.
As a Vietnamese person, I highly recommend this place for pho, bun, and/or ca phe sua da. The pho broth is the best in comparison to the other pho competitors within the vicinity. Their drinks are delicious, but seriously, get their Vietnamese iced coffee if you want to stay awake for the rest of the day. Such refreshing scents and tastes here. This is the best Vietnamese spot in East Chinatown that the GTA's got to offer.
Had the shawarma plate ($12.99). The meal came with salad, pita, pickles and pickled peppers. The meat was thickly sliced, which differs from the typical thinly slices of chicken from other sharwma joints. There was a choice between rice and potatoes. I got the rice and it was amazing. Would come back when I am craving for sharwmas again
I loved this place! I am surprised it wasn't as busy as I thought it would be but I had an early dinner on Friday. There was a special where for every cocktail you buy, you get a main dish for half off!We had the meat and cheese board! It was perfect! I enjoyed every bite. As for the food, we got Pork ribs and Mac and Cheese. OMG. You have to get this. If you don't, you are missing out! The Pork Rib was crispy on the outside and juicy. I wished it was a bit more tender than it was. The juices from the pork ribs made a killer combination with the Mac and Cheese! I loved this dish! I thoroughly enjoyed this place but I am a charcuterie type of girl! I would definitely come again!
great atmosphere outside.  heaters are only for night so i think it would be nice if they were available if someone asked.  FANTASTIC corned beef eggs benedict.  a bit crowded inside but this store has so many things to buy.  it'd take a day just to look at it all.  pet friendly outside :) it's self serve which is a bit unusual as you have to find your table first then order.  they bring it out to you but saving a seat can be tricky.  any alcohol has to be purchased across the way at their other restaurant.
I drive down here solely for the dog park. I have a puppy that has a lot of energy and this park is pretty big, giving her lots of room to run around and, of course, get tired. I don't like to go too late in the day because there are just too many dogs and she gets distracted, but my late morning trips have always been a pleasure. My one dislike about the park is that part of it appears to be a retention basin. Water collects and stagnates in a particular area and they use PVC and plastic fencing to block it off. It doesn't do anything to keep the dogs out. They need to re-engineer where the water runs off or determine a better way to secure that disgusting pool of water.The park does not have a section for timid or small dogs and one for large dogs. I've seen people bring toy sized dogs, 2-3lbs, and I was a little concerned the dogs would get trampled/ attacked. I caught my little 20lb Basenji mix stalking one of these tiny dogs, so I had to shift her attention. If you want to bring a tiny dog to this park simply for socialization, I'd recommend being the dog during a time there would only be a hand full of dog owners around, so you can better monitor your dog. Otherwise keep your really tiny dogs are home.
Ask for layer pina calada 5/5* eating with coconut shrimps  5/5* and watching final FIFA world cup. Nothing else us better than this!! Germany vs Argentina 1-0.. Goal.....
loved my burrito, but these girls next to me hated their tacos, at pink taco? lol i guess you have to know what to order and not expect authentic Mexican food :]
Booked this place through Hotels.com for spending New Years Eve in Las Vegas.  All other comparable hotels were easily over $500 for two nights so I ended up going with South Point for roughly $300 for two nights.  At first I was a little worried about staying here mainly due to the commute (not the quality of the place as it was opened in 2005) but I was happily surprised.  Check in was a breeze even though it was the Friday before NYE and everyone was coming into town.  Even though there was quite a long line the casino had all the counters manned and checking in and getting into the room took less than 20 minutes.  Moreover, during check in they also give you a coupon book for some free stuff or buy one get one free stuff which was kind of cool.  Only complaint was that when calling in to inquire about when you can check in took about 10 minutes on hold to get to speak with someone.The room itself was very spacious and clean and comes with all the amenities that you would expect from a reputable Vegas hotel.  Our room consisted of a king size bed, flatscreen TV, table, and a sofa (along with the rest of the nightstand, drawers, and closet).  This room could easily stuff 6 or so people in it if you really wanted to.  Moreover, it was nice how their bathroom was divided into two, with a door between the shower/toilet and the sink, thus allowing two people to share the bathroom at a time.  Definitely no complaints about the spaciousness or cleaniness of the room here.Moreover, while I did not get to try out their amenities during my stay this time, I think I will definitely be back next time to try out their midnight madness bowling.  Apparently, during the weekdays after midnight all games are only a dollar!  I mean can you imagine, forget beer pong, how about beer bowling or a shot for every pin left standing haha.  As for the food of this place, again I did not get to try out much but their Steak N Shake seemed like a decent and moderately priced place to get a meal.  I actually ended up getting a togo order of 3 sliders and shake for about $11 bucks so that wasn't too bad.As for the convenience of this location, well for off-strip, it is pretty convenient even during NYE.  Located right off the freeway, it is easy to get to and out of into the Strip.  It is about a 15 minute drive by freeway and about a 20 minute drive by Las Vegas Blvd (I like how you have two routes to this place) with either being traffic free by the times I was driving.  As a note, if you are planning to come here for New Years park at the Mandalay Bay!  The Strip is closed until 3am but as Mandalay Bay is at the end of the Strip you can still get out and take either Las Vegas Blvd or the freeway back without much hassle.Only complaint with this place is that their shuttle to and from the Strip (cheap at only $8 all you can ride for a day) only runs till 1:00am.  Who goes back to the hotel at 1:00am in Vegas...especially on New Years.  They should make it 24 hours or at least 24 hours on the holidays.
The gelato was outstanding. I have to deduct a star because it was overpriced....sorry. If they knocked a dollar off each size, I would give 5 stars. I had the caramel cappuccino....so yummy. This is a great place to walk to  after a nice dinner. I didn't feel so guilty eating all of those calories while I was walking around eating pure sin in a cup.
Truly enjoyed our meal here. Ate out on the patio. The venue is is really nice. It was nice to be outside as there aren't very many good outdoor venues in Vegas. The service was good as was the food. Prices are reasonable. We will definitely be back.
Out of all the places to choose from in Chinatown this place is awesome. The pad Thai is what I usually get to compare to other Thai places. If they do this well the rest of the menu usually follows suit. Great flavors in the pad Thai and the Thai tea. Loved the pot stickers sauce. Definitely will be returning again.
A bit pricey for a sandwich but at the same time I had great service and the menu is HUGE. Staff was very friendly from the second I walked in and even helped me decide what to get. The onion rings were awesome.
love this place great dive bar, deep rooted glendale hang out, my mother n sister used to party here in the 80's....still a good glendale hangout id recommend  this place to anyone wanting to unwind with good people great mix of music n a back patio to put high class places to shame(as far as fun down home activities go)..., n glendales oldest titty bar across the street great fun for all......
HUGE televisions, sports, gambling, and beer. What more could a guy ask for! The Mirage Sports Book is definitely a place to visit if you enjoy placing some bets on your favorite sports team. The atmosphere on a college football Saturday or NFL Sunday is electric. When a team scores or a big play happens, the place goes wild! It is a great atmosphere to enjoy watching numerous games at once!My only complaint is that in order to get a complementary drink ticket, there is a minimum of $500. For casual sports gamblers, this could be difficult to reach the minimum.
We spent a whole day at the arcade during our stay in Vegas! The games were all in working order, and there were plenty games to choose from. Listened to the advice of others and did not eat at the arcade. There was a great selection of games, but when they got busy, many were being played and there was much more down time. Totally worth the price with the Groupon!
I love the atmosphere of Amelie's. This location is very spacious with plenty of seating. The coffee selection of coffee, teas, desserts, food and wine. The staff with friendly and the service is fast. This is a great place to study, have a meeting, or meeting up with friends.I had the pecan tart and it was good. My friend had the peach tart, it was okay but it would've been better if it was warmed up.My friend devoured the peach tart lolThe Cafe Marcotter was delicious with the perfect amount of vanilla and caramel. It had a cute little spider web on top of the cup. I will definitely have to get it again.
Went to try the Vegan special sausage sandwhich. Love the vibe and very friendly staff here. It is indeed a very cool and interesting place to dine in with a few friends. Loved it and will definetly visit again.
I went to La Distillerie on Mont Royale with my sister on a Saturday evening at around 7 o clock. The place wasn't packed, but there was a nice vibe going on, and everyone was enjoying themselves. We were seated for around 10 minutes before a waitress brought over an extensive cocktail menu. Once we ordered, the drinks came very quickly in their signature mason jars, and were fairly strong and sweet. It was pricey but worth it!
First time here.  Got the blueberry pancakes. They were very good. And they have grits.  I will be going back for sure
Belle petite patisserie . Les beignes au prunes sont succulentes . Le service est très courtois et ils ont tous un accent polonais ce qui contribue au charme . Les salades sont très bonne , spécialement la salade russe . Par contre , l'endroit est petit et j'ai trouvé les sandwiches pas vraiment originales.
this place has had a total 360 make over a la "divine design" since the willow house departed and hob nobs took root. it's still the same house, it just looks like a really chic, modern, bookstore meets downtown urban cafe. with tons of light shining in to warm you up as the weather starts cooling down.i've been here on two occasions and ordered food on both, as well as an iced americano and regular iced tea.  the first time we grabbed a table inside and my friend and i split the vito's favorite in a wrap. it was $8 of pure italian deliciousness. packed with lettuce, tomatoes, salami, ham, and much more. it was huge, a half was more than enough. the side of cole slaw had pepper in it which gave it kind of a kick that i've never experienced in a cole slaw before. the second time i went i had the greek wrap which wasn't as good as vito's favorite but still packed a kick ass greek punch.  the coffee is good, i was chatting with the [assumed] owner and he mentioned he gets the beans roasted especially for him from the cave creek coffee company. it was brought out to my table with cream and sugar and was perfectly bitter with a hint of sweet earthiness.  the iced tea was average, it's not brewed cup by cup but they charge you like they do. they close at 9 during the week which sucks, because i procrastinate til it gets dark and then trip out into study mode, and have a hard time finding a good place to grab a bite, cup of coffee, and focus. i find it to be a laid back place to get work done and bust out that 10-15 page research paper you put off until the day before it was due. FOCUS. get off yelp, and get to work!!!!!*note: for those who live north of mcdowell, you have to go one block south of mcdowell and use that to get around to 3rd ave which is a one way street going north.  the parking lot on the southwest corner is open to hob nobs customers as well as the parking lot directly behind it.
Bob's in Cory has a very good variety of very good wings.  It's not the most atmospheric place, but that's not their strength.   If you are fiending for wings, it's still definite, but if you are looking for something else, then probably not.Prices are average, and the service is friendly.
This is a very good shop, with a pretty wide selection for how small it is.  They've organized it well so there is lots of inventory without making it too cluttered.Gun prices are excellent, and they are happy to show you any guns you want to see.  They are knowledgeable and helpful.  The only thing preventing this from being five stars is that the accessory prices can be very expensive, you should price things out before you decide to buy.  Ammo prices were decent.
Immediately upon walking in, you'll be mesmerized by the beautiful decor and massive wrap-around aquarium. Every time I dine here, I get seated right next to the aquarium so that we can enjoy the beautiful scenery. I've been here for lunch a couple times and also late night munchies, service is always quick and on point. The food and drinks are consistently good as well. We always leave here full and satisfied. And sometimes sorta kinda drunk. Thanks Vegas. SHORTS RIBS ($19):http://bit.ly/2i0RwX7This is by far the best braised short ribs I've had to date. This massive piece of boneless short rib was so juicy and fork tender. The rich velverty cabernet demi-glace was also quite delicious. The garlicky yukon gold mashed potatoes was velvety and smooth that I finished the whole thing (and I'm not a mashed potato fan at all, so that says a lot). Tis dish is a must-order. SEAFOOD SALAD TRIO ($20):This was my half-ass lazy attempt at trying to be healthy while pigging out in Vegas....it had the word "salad" in it, so it counts. Yep...that's a fried tortilla on the side, lol! http://bit.ly/2hEyOUc- The "shrimp napoleon" was basically 2 cocktail-styled jumbo shrimps butterflied and laid criss-cross over each other. Perfectly cooked shrimp, nothing fancy. - 2 slices of pepper seared tuna- A spoonful of jumbo lump crab meatThe rest of the plate consisted of a couple pieces each of tomatoes, hearts of palm, prosciutto crisps and a scoop of avocado-kimchee slaw with ranch dressing. The bf and I split this deconstructed salad as an appetizer. It didn't look or sound like a lot of seafood, but it was definitely filling and something I wouldn't mind ordering again. FISH TACOS (2 tacos for $12.50): Fish of the day was mahi mahi. The bf fully enjoyed his plate of tacos. The cajun-spiced mahi was juicy and tender. The jack cheese, fresh cabbage, pico de gallo and ranch dressing was the perfect accompaniment to this filling plate of food. Our server that day was a hella fun guy name Randy. He was so bubbly and friendly, love him! He was so engaging and even offered suggestions of which museums to check out because it was my bf's first time in Vegas.Hopefully we get to see him again the time we visit because we'll definitely be back!
PSA: there is a groupon for this place that is valid until May 2015!Burger was good. Mac and cheese was a little salty and not very warm but it wasn't terrible. Cookies and cream dessert was super yummy. Service was very attentive and we went on a Saturday night. Kinda dim and loud in there...it is a bar after all, and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls.
Had to take my IPhone cause it wouldn't take a charge. No appointments available in my schedule but I got on the list. My helper Winnie was awesome! Sweet girl who knew what she was doing. Out the door in less than an hour with a replacement phone. My only short in the full 5 star was the lack of appointments available . Love Apple stores but this one is the best I've been too! You're always busy, hire more staff!!
I wanted to try something new, and didn't want to see my high-school sweetheart on the other corner. Now I'm coming back to review LT, and I see "update review". Wait, have I met this one before? Definitely a lot has changed since then and I didn't even recognize it.The breakfast burrito with carne asada was piping hot, the cheese was properly melted and the potatoes stayed warm down to the last bite. I'd say solid work on everything everything except the carne asada. A few too many pieces of meat were either too chewy or too fatty. Both salsas were fantastic. Red: smoky, balanced chipotle peppers, plenty of heat; Green: much more subtle in heat and flavor, but still worth putting a few splashes of it on parts of your burrito. I only wish they kept the salsas on ice, but having individual bottles to take to your table is also nice. At $4-4.50 for just eggs+potatoes and $6.50ish for eggs+steak, I think the portion size is just a hair too small. Don't get me wrong, it tastes fantastic and it was definitely filling, but other places don't mess around with portions. I'd say its a solid 4/5. I haven't had as much Tex Mex due to living in NE, so I might be overinflating, but I also think the carne asada could use some work. It all balances.
i'm mostly judging brocach on its ambience since i've only eaten there once and hardly touched my meal (just wasn't too hungry that night). but this is definitely a place i love to come and meet up with friends. the booths are upstairs are big enough to sit 8, and when the rest of the group joins, there's plenty of room to grab a bigger table or just stand up and mingle. i love the dark wood, the noise level (loud from voices, but the music is at the right volume), the beers. definitely my idea of a good bar.
A couple years ago, while I was on one of my first trips to Vegas, my boyfriend decided to take a walk with me to Target. Unfortunately, I no longer had energy and desperately needed food. When I looked to my left I saw a fast-food building called Raising Cane's. Ever since that fateful day, I have been addicted.Raising Canes has got to be one of my favorite fast food places for chicken! Their chicken fingers are always yummy, and the dipping sauce for them is so good. It adds a kick of flavor to each chicken finger, and tastes great with the fries and texas toast as well! My favorite thing about eating here has to be the texas toast. Please order extra, you will not regret this decision. If you don't care for coleslaw like me, you can ask them to trade it out for another piece of toast! It's so great! I definitely recommend coming here if you like cheap, but delicious fast food.
Libertine Social is a fancy gastropub that is a great place to catch up with friends. Though it is a little pricey for a gastropub, the food is pretty tasty. The House Baked Pretzel was baked perfectly, allowing the dough to be light and soft. The cheddar fondue was the right amount of gooey-ness and was a delicious dip to the pretzel. The Wood Grilled Sausages were a good sampler of different types of sausages, which were all grilled to perfection, giving the sausages a smokey kick.The Black Truffle Pizza had a good ratio of fontina and Parmesan, giving it a nice cheesy and stringy consistency, which is always nice to have with your pizza. The pizza was topped with slivers of truffles, which accentuated the delicious flavors of the cheese. But my personal favorite was the Fennel and Sausage flatbread. The flatbread was thing and crispy, while the sausage was very flavorful and had the right amount of saltiness that was noticeable with the notes of honey that was on the flatbread. If you have friends coming into town, Libertine Social is a great place to have some food and drinks while catching up.
Very creamy ice cream. Moist and delicious cookies. Will definitely come visit again. We had chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream. Service was excellent. Friendly and courteous.
Service is typically quick. This particular trip I had to wait 15 minutes but there were 3 people in front of me. Whenever I've come to this location in the past I was usually in and out. This location used to be in south hills village mall. They also used to be $10 for eyebrows but are now $12. The techs are always nice and friendly. You can pay cash or card and you can tip on your card as well.
Who knew a trip to the movies could be so high class?  I had two free passes for the Cineplex theatre so I thought I'd use them towards admission to the VIP theatre in Brossard.  The entrance is separate from the main theatre and it's 18+ since they serve alcohol here.You enter and you're in the lounge area which is complete with a bar.  They do have a small concession stand selling classic movie snacks (popcorn, candy, etc) but if you're dishing out for the VIP experience treat yourself and order from the bar.  They have a variety of appetizers and food like burgers so you could eat a full meal.  My boyfriend and I were there a little bit early so we ordered nachos and raspberry mojitos to enjoy in the lounge area.  The SCENE card gets you 10% off the food but not alcohol.  The other awesome thing about this place is the bathrooms.  They're all individual bathrooms and they're super clean. Seating inside the theatre is very comfortable and there are servers there to get orders and bring them to you up until the movie starts.  One thing I love about the VIP theatre is that they don't seem to show ads prior to the trailers and actual film.  That is always my biggest pet peeve about going to the movies.Admission is quite pricey at $18.75 a person so you can be sure I won't be coming to the VIP theatre every time I go to the movies.  I would definitely do it though on the occasional night where I feel like treating myself.
Love love love this place! Been here twice and enjoyed the atmosphere, cocktails, and food immensely! The vibe is super cool and mysterious. The food is amazing. My favorite is the one with octopus, but a little overpriced. The chorizo taco, duck taco, and shishito peppers taco are all great too. The street corn is awesome when they have fresh corn on the cob. It's not as good when corn on the cob is not in season, and they use can corn served in a bowl.
Breakfast on a Monday morning after a Steelers Sunday late afternoon home game. Maybe a 10 minute wait. I liked it better than Kelly O's , thought the food was again good not great. Traditional breakfast, eggs, bacon and potatoes, pricing was fair. Would go again
We have tried the food from SuperFarm at several events...the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and the Gilbert Food Court.  Last night we were in Gilbert and tried their Green Chili burger.  Wow...my favorite taste of the night!  The burger itself has such a savory succulent juiciness...and the green chili added a nice amount of heat.  Also have had their breakfast burrito which was yummy.  I like the service they provide also...letting you know about the ingredients they use, their farm you can visit, and bringing out the dish to you if you have to wait.
Great pizza but lacks consistency. Lots of toppings to choose  from. Needs more choices  in dipping sauces.
I've always been of fan of Baskin-Robbins but that's because I LOVE their rainbow sherbet.  I love the taste of the raspberry and pineapple that a lot of other sherbets don't have.  Download the app before you go so you can access their coupons.  On the 31st of the month they have $1.50 scoops. They also have a different feature flavor of the month that's limited to that month only.  There's lots of parking at this location but it can be difficult to get in and out of because of the traffic on old statesville road. It's on my way home from work so I like to pop in for a cold treat on hot summer days.  They have always been prompt with their service to get me in and out of the door.  It's attached to a Dunkin' Donuts if that's your thing.  It's cleaner than most other locations I've ever been to.  Stop by and enjoy a scoop but don't forget to download the Baskin Robbins app before you go!
Best Gluten free vegan pizza in the world!!!
Sadie's is probably one of the top soul food spots in Charlotte, not the best but in the top. The original Coffee Cup off of Clarkson, although closed, will forever be the number one soul food spot in Charlotte(just had to throw that in there). The menu at Sadie's has changed over the years but I think some of the best dishes that were offered were taken off the menu. I'm not a restaurant owner so who am I to complain:-) The beef tips, baked chicken and pineapple lemonade had to be some of the best items on the menu, but I digress. The sweet potato waffle and fried chicken is pretty good, the waffle looks a little weird but the taste compensates for that. The mac n cheese can be suspect, but lately it has been on point. The fried whiting is very good but the pieces of fish are just way too big/thick or something, maybe it was just that day. The fried corn on the cob is very good and highly recommended. I haven't had the baked chicken in a while but it used to be pretty good. She usually has mini cheesecake desserts by Honey Butter Bakery which are quite delish.
This place is a collector's candy store.Wifey likes to collect vintage hats and I like to search for all types of food collectibles, and cool vintage toys. This place has it all.The place is clean, and the workers are very helpful. You can even still bargain with them to get a sweet deal on an item you may have your eye on.Clothes, bikes, jewelry, toys, etc. Some guy even bought a huge Michael Jordan Statue!Its always cool to check out these kinds of places. It'll not only take you down memory lane, but you may find something that has sentimental value and you'll be happy you stopped in!...ALOHA!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(335/365) " Retro Vintage Junk!?!?"
I am not much of a gambler, but I stopped by this casino following a Cavs game and really enjoyed myself.  There is food, a nice bar, and a fair amount of tables and slot machines.  I love that there is no smoking in this casino!  I would definitely go back!
The food is full of flavor. Great portion size. Super clean restaurant. Just wish the dishes were better and plastic wear.
Huge library with a bunch of other stuff (art museum etc.). The staff with whom I interacted were helpful. Fairly good selection--I found a few books I was looking for and a few DVD titles, and reserved a few others.
I have been coming here for my regular dental maintenance for 3 years.  Receptionists are friendly and office is clean and bright.  Once your contact is in their system, you will receive a call or an email to remind you of your next dental check up, and even reminder for your scheduled appointment.  So far I have received professional service from their nurses and dentists.I recommend this location especially if you have insurance coverage.  It is also because of its convenient location ( under the PATH system at Bay and Adelaide), and the consistent professional service.
I see Aafka here and she's great. Everyone here is licensed and that's SO important to me because as an athlete I'm going to these places to be fixed during competition and not really for much relaxation. Hours are great, there's parking and the places is clean and professional. They have hot stone massage, aromatherapy and some other offerings as well. What I signed up for was a monthly payment package that actually makes getting massages a great deal AND keeps you there at least once per month which is exactly what I need.Take time out to try this place, you also have Panera right next door to enjoy a coffee after as well as a parking lot which is busy but makes it so easy to pop in and get some serious bodywork done. I"ve only lived here 1.5 months and have been 3 times.
Stopped in here to do a pick up and was surrounded by nothing but teenagers, so maybe my lack of a fifth star is ...misplaced? The young guy who was cashier turned around toward another female staff member and said " What the hell is that? You call those bread sticks!" while I was leaving. I'm not sure if he was joking or not but I certainly hope he was.   Otherwise, the food, as always, was awesome!
Great service, good food but not the best happy hour. Always packed and people are friendly. We enjoyed it and will go again, also great for take out on late weekday nights when I don't want to cook!
Cheap well made sushi here. Nice location in the oxford building across from the au bau pain. Bento boxes are really convenient and tasty. Try the spicy California roll.
This place is on its way to earning 5 stars.To make a long story short, Spencer needed another trip to the vet - an emergency appt. We called yesterday to get in today and they did it - no problem and no extra charge. We even switched times on them 3 times and they were pleasant and very accommodating about it.The best part though was the staff and Dr. Stan Howard. He is great with animals and really knows his stuff. Spencer was thoroughly examined and then we even spent time discussing his diet and other concerns. Dr. Howard is very friendly and pleasant. He is a very happy person who really appears to enjoy his work. This time I got to scope out some more of his credentials and learned that he was educated partly at the University of Pennsylvania - a very prestigious college. I enjoyed my visit with him and he took care of Spencer - top notch! He knows a lot about Wheaten Terriers  and their special dietary needs and allergies. He also treats many of the show dogs in the area too, so he seems to know a lot about all the show breeds. After this visit, I felt very confident in trusting my dog's health care to him.Spencer will soon be back (as soon as he heals) for his grooming and for the dreaded neutering. I hope after that visit I can give them 5 stars.And btw, he is unbelievably reasonable for an office visit and worked so well with us on addressing all of our concerns. I am really pleased!
Awesome place near the house. Great find. Great food. I will definitely be back to visit. Great staff and very courtious.
very good straightforward,fast ,friendly,i gave 4 star because they did not honor $7.77 smog check advertised price but i will go back with both of my corollas.
Again Target that you for being there. the Place accross the street let me down again. I was lured over there because the construction looed complete and it was before 8am.  So can you please open before 8am?
A bit of a cluster getting our table but overall, good food and service. Pretty restaurant. Music on the loud side making it a little difficult to hear. Not sure why it was so loud as the restaurant was not busy when we sat down at 7:00.
Had a shellac manicure and regular pedicure by Jessica C. She was well-spoken in English and did a great job. The salon itself is clean. Wide range of services. A little on the pricey side since (I typically go out of city for these services) but a reasonable downtown alternative. Will return.
Love, love, love! Took a friend for his birthday. The food was amazing, the drinks were fantastic - try the spicy margarita if nothing else. A little pricy but a great experience.
What a great alternative to a supermarket cake. I've never been disappointed by the cakes I've tried several. My favourite is the Red Velvet. I ordered online and picked it up at the store location a seamless and beautiful experience. You can see them preparing the lovely desserts and they always have a window case full of beautiful  dessert treasures.
I was referred to this place by my mother, she said she loved it so I decided to check it out.. I came in I was greeted by a friendly face. The wait to be serviced was five minutes. I was very happy with their service I will return. I seen someone getting their eyelashes done that looked amazing so next time I'll be checking that out too. Keep your eyes open for my next review
Had a gyro here, very good, I don't know how anyone could eat a jumbo, the regular ones are huge, my daughter and so-in-law managed though. Little place in west side market, people lined up around the corner, it'd be a 5 star place if you could sit down somewhere other than with the pigeons
Been coming here for years. Great, prompt and friendly service. Prices have gone up over the years, but that's expected with inflation, but the quality of food has remained the same - great.The reason for the 4 star rating is I've noticed the last few visits we've heard nothing but Adele music. Seriously, that $h!t is depressing to listen to when you're trying to enjoy all day breakfast. Cut her, and go back to the variety music you had before. This is not enjoyable and I'll have to seriously consider going somewhere else if this continues. I'd be a Shane cuz I drop at least $50 - $60 a visit.I hope the management reads this. Your choice in music is what's giving you the less than perfect rating.
Not really much to say that everybody already said about raising canes the chicken is delicious love the fries and the texas toast that they give you with sauce is okay at best wish they had ranch but it is what it is love the service as well and it is one of my favorite places chicken that is to eat at I still love the Charleston location but this comes second out of the raising canes location so if you haven't tried this place out I recommend you to give it a shot.
CUTE boutique salon and spa...I got a hair cut with Lindsay who was nice, friendly, and pleasantly chatty. I was promptly taken back with her and offered tea (yum), we talked about my plan for my hair style, she did a lavender oil scalp massage (wow), we got to the shampoo room which is blocked off with a thick curtain to give you some privacy and combined with the lavishness with Aveda products it makes something mundane absolutely SERENE! The cut itself was great and she blowdried/flat ironed my hair. A COMPLIMENTARY hand massage was offered (didn't take it :(  ), a COMPLIMENTARY make up touch up was offered (powder, blush, lip gloss was applied), and a COMPLIMENTARY 5 minute photo shoot was offered (sorry no time today Studio 262). Very cool approach and it made a monthly experience SPECIAL!!! It was about $40 for the cut and i have LONG hair! They also have a fabulous monthly spa membership for just $59/month---I will be checking it  out soon!
This place was very unique for Vegas. It offers a great atmosphere and a perfect place to take a date. It is small and intimate and hidden. I thought the food was decent this is why I am giving it a 4 star rating. With that being said I recommend it and I will be back.
This is a good place. However, you must understand. This is Vegas/Henderson and fresh seafood is not readily available. Their food here appears to be pre-breaded and frozen. You place an order and they pull the food out of the freezer and drop into the fryer. The selection is large and the quality is good. If you like seafood, this is the place for you. I loved their hushpuppies. Nice and oniony flavor. My biggest disappointment is bottled dressing. Yech. How hard is it to make fresh dressing? Give them a try. They are worth the money. Fast, friendly and good food.How much else can you ask for?
Went there for my first winterlicious dinner of 2014. We had a large group, and restaurant handled it very well, service was efficient and prompt, and a waitress was a wonderful young lady who alone handled such a big group with outmost efficiency and speed. As an appetizer I ordered Caserole d'escargot which was in my opinion a highlight of the night. Mushrooms, escargot, and cream based sauce complemented each other well to create a perfectly balanced dish. Totally a must try!As the main course I ordered a grilled angus striploin steak, prepared medium rare close to the rare side and served with perfectly grilled vegetables. The steak was a little chewy but it must have been just a piece like that because it was perfectly prepared. Sun dried tomato and butter topping gave a steak a wonderful touch. As a desert I orderes Creme Brulee which was tasty, but surprisingly cold, which was slightly disappointing. Overall,  a very good experience,  and the whole 3 course dinner for only $25 per person was a true bargain.  Would definitely come back again! P.S. this place is more suitable for a small group of people or as a date venue. It's very small, cozy,  and romantic.
I have been eating at Cabo for years now...before NoDa became the conglomerate that it is now.  The food is consistently good.  The flour tortillas that they use for their tacos are delicious all in their own.  I love the queso dip (the best I've had) and I've eaten at plenty mexican restaurants.  The Wraps are great and filling as are the entrees.  I will say that yes, at times, the chips are stale and the salsa isn't anything to write home about but who cares...it's an appetizer and it's free! I've never been impressed with their Margaritas so I usually stick w/Modelo or a Sweet Tea.  It is also a good place to take out-of-towners or maybe a first date.  It is usually VERY noisy so don't expect to have a super romantic time here unless you are a very laid back type of couple.
I went to Aroma after reading the great reviews and looking up their awesome prices. Not only did I go on a Tuesday for the 15% off it was my first Brazilian. I went with Margo because she had a lot of great mentions. She was awesome, super personable and very quick. I will go back again for sure! The staff were friendly and the place looks quite clean.
Went here over the weekend as I was treated to a massage. The masseuse was on point and checked in throughout the massage to make sure pressure was right. The facilities are nice, though not as large as other spas. The decor and use of waterfalls makes for a great experience and vibe. Only negative would be that the jacuzzi temp. was a bit colder than ideal and the jets were not that strong. Also, they could have had more refreshments throughout the facility versus just in the lounge area.
We loved the choice of 3 tacos. We ordered the Carne Asada (LOVED), Rotisserie chicken (hated the sauce on top), and Estella's fish (loved as well). Took almost 10 minutes for someone to come take our order and they weren't busy. Again, took a good 10 minutes after we were completely done eating for someone to check in on us.
I didn't rate for the food. It's your average airport food. When you want to drink a few beers between flights, this is your place. Good live entertainment and excellent bar service.
Few of us landed on sunday afternoon very hungry from  sedona roadtrip. This was my second time in last 2 years here , and I observed same excellent service, delicious menu without any surprise. My favorite frunken dragon wraps, jalapeño fried rice, and hot Tom yum soup!!!
I took my girls here for mani/pedis to celebrate a birthday. The facility is clean and bigger than it looks. They have the cutest pedicure chairs just for kids and they offered them ice cream! Celina did my pedicure and she did a great job. The hot stones are awesome with just the basic pedicure. They also have different "flavored" scrub for your feet. It is a little bit pricey but my kids loved it. My gel manicure wasn't the best and is already chipping les than a week later, but if you're going for pedicures, it's a great place.
My husband and I started out with the beer cheese dip appetizer.  It was delicious.  It was 4 generous pieces of amazing pretzel bread accompanied by slices of bell peppers and carrot sticks.  The beer cheese dip was great...I maybe could have used just a little bit more though...we ate every last bit of the dip.  For dinner, my husband order the corned beef and cabbage entree.  After insisting to him that I do not like corned beef, he finally got me to try it.  I bet he wishes he wouldn't have...because after that I was sneaking bits of meat off his plate for the rest of the meal.  It had so much flavor and it almost melted in my mouth because it was so tender.   I would highly recommend trying it!   I ordered the shepherd's pie which was also delicious.  It's the perfect comfort food...meat and veggies topped with delicious mashed potatoes.  It's a very hearty meal, and I thoroughly enjoyed my leftovers the next day.They also had live music which was very nice.
We ate there Friday night and it was an absolute delight.Scott the owner, the staff and the décor was very inviting.The pizza was very good. The combination of the tasty crust, the right amount of sauce and a fresh mozzarella along with quality toppings makes it the best pizza I've had in Arcadia area. It was even tasty the next day.What I liked about it the most is that they're not trying to be a fancy place or going all snobby on the food as the Arcadia area restaurants do way too much.  They obviously just want to be a pizza parlor offering a good pizza, at a fair price and they seem to be doing a good job of it.They also have BYOB, you can bring in your own bottle of wine or beer and drink it with your food. I don't why but I find this kind of coolWe will definitely be back.
Excellent Sichuan food. Very authentic like what you get from China. The only reason I give it 4 star is because of the service, not the best service. But while we come for the food.
We went there on a late Sunday afternoon to try their dim sum and did not regret it.We tried maybe 10 to 15 different dim sum varieties including the deserts and it was delicious and seemed fresh.My personal favourites were the BBQ pork pastry, the deep fried mashed taro balls and the tiny bee desert. The interior is interesting with dimmed lighting. I caught myself looking at their nicely decorated shelves all the time which had also interesting lighting. The service was not too bad although the waiters aren't the friendliest folks.We will definitely go back.
Had a bang bang burger, fries, and a beer.  It was everything I hoped it could be, and more.  Burger was done to my liking, and the homemade roll was fantastic.
I love Fran's Filling station. Unlike in Europe, the USD goes far at Fran's. The menu has good variety, but isn't overwhelming. It can get crowded on the weekends, so make a reservation and prepare to wait. I've never had to wait for a weekend lunch or weeknight dinner. With its eclectic menu and reasonable prices, it's a great spot for many occasions. The staff is always friendly, but also seem to never know what's going on/ appear overwhelmed. Once I ordered a manhattan and the bartender used dry vermouth. I noticed later that it's on their martini list. I've had orders arrive without sides or with incorrect sides (I just deal with it, but I'm sure they would fix if asked) and a couple of items on my receipt didn't match the menu prices (again, it was $.50, odd, but I was ready to go). I try not to eat out if I'm in a rush, so it doesn't bother me. Some of my less patient friends and family members get pretty annoyed at Fran's. I don't care as long as they're nice and the food is tasty.
First off I did not pay the bill for my dinner here and I read some complaints that they are overpriced.  I find it hard to believe but I am sure it is not cheap - no place in a high end casino in Vegas is...  Anyway, that said I enjoyed a solid meal here.  I had the Kobe beef tacos that were a little spicy but great (did not appreciate any noticeable difference in the beef quality though).  The rock shrimp tempura was really good and maybe my favorite thing.  The tuna sushi was very fresh tasting.  I could have passed on the sea urchin - but it's not really my thing.  However, one of my companions who likes this/sea urchin said it was some of the best he has had.  All in all everything was fine, actually fine +.  The service was very good and the atmosphere was classy.  We took some customers here and they were happy.  The location is excellent if you are in Mandalay Bay or on that South end of the strip.  I would go back if I was in the area.
I am so happy to finally have a decent Chinese delivery around us!  We got a flyer on our door so decided to try it last night.  The food is AMAZING!  We ordered (2) sesame chicken, pork fried rice and moo shu pork.  The portions are huge and the food is fantastic.  Delivery was super fast.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because I specifically asked for hot mustard and sweet and sour.  They sent 3 packs of hot sauce.  Well done, Tsing Tao, well done!
It's interesting how a neighborhood family own restaurant can succeed, specially being in the top of the hoods. I guess good food, nice decor and great service builds regulars. I had the uncle Louie salad which was good, nice serving and with a lot of flavor. The penne wild mushroom was super good.A nice touch is that the owners (I assume they were the owners) talked to us a couple of times. Not the typical annoying manager/owner who engages into an endless conversation but a gentle genuine courtesy chat.All in all a very nice place.
Bel endroit  ! Assez petit mais bien pour assister  à  des concerts de jazz.  Bon cocktails  !
Good food, and good service! We got the bulgogi and it was amazing! Really really tasteful meat and full of flavor. We also got the tootsie roll, which was also AMAZING! Sweet, but not too much and then a mouthful of flavor. Would definitely return!
I heart a good salad, so was excited to try Chopt out!  A little hectic during the dinner crowd, but there was a floor Chopt dude helping guide those of us who were lost and to hand out menus.  The line moved quickly and the staff there is really friendly with a positive vibe!Pretty straight forward once you figure out what you want.  I ordered the Braised Greek and grabbed some organic sweet tea. The final results were delish!  My chopper initially forgot to add the quinoa mix or chicken, but when I caught it she was very sweet and apologetic, and promptly fixed it.  It would have been such a sad meal without it. Yummy place, and I will definitely be back!  I'll just be checking my salads with a critical eye while they work the kinks out :)
Very quick... but also very thorough! He takes the time to explain procedures to you. And yes, even though I may not get the same spa experience as I wold from Dental Spa... Dr Vinh gets me in and out ASAP! And sometimes... I really need to get out ASAP
Came here for a friends bachelorette.  I ordered the Salmon with a Ceasar Salad and they were both good. We shared the chocolate cake that looks like a pot of flowers. Everything was edible. It was too pretty to break it apart!There was a huge floral decor in the center to make the place feel more upscale. The staffs were attentive and friendly. Our server was very patient with handling our large party of 12 and when the food was brought to the table, they knew who ordered what.  I appreciate that the manager  came by our table make sure we were having a great experience at the restaurant.
Tastes good. The display when you enter is awesome to look at and help choose what to get. However, they made me wait about 20-25 mins to get my bowl of tomato seafood only for them to mess up the order and give me the udon bowl with all the clams. Smh. Then I had to wait again.
A little slow on the service, extensive special menu show, they screwed their chick scratch bill and it actuallu benefittdd ibiza orMallorca we will Come again
I ordered sweet and sour pork, pork fried rice, and egg rolls. My compatriot ordered Kung Pao chicken.  We just wanted some descent chinese food delivered to us.  We began with the egg rolls.  They were amazing. Not overly fried and soggy, where you can only taste the grease, like most places.  These were crisp and full of flavor.  My sweet and sour pork came delivered naked (sauce on the side).  Which was nice,  i hate it when the meat is soggy.  The rice was different than i expected.  It was light and a little less flavorful than I was hoping.  It was still good, but not compared to the amazing sweet and sour pork.  The sweet and sour sauce was thick and tangy.  Not just bland red syrup.  I put a little on the rice to liven in up a bit.  (Worked)My compatriots only complaint with his Kung Pao Chicken was that is was not spicy enough.  I think that they could probably make it spicier next time if requested.  Amazing food, prompt delivery,  will be eating here again.
very good carnitas. the pork is moist, tender and flavorful.the pico di gallo salsa is fantastic, the best i have had.goat meat used in the tacos are a little on the dry side.
Great wings and awesome salad! LolWent here with a group of friends. I made the reservation on a Sunday and didn't really feel like I needed it as it wasn't too busy. Got sat down quickly and our friends slowly started arriving.The wings are a little bit more pricey than other wing nights elsewhere around the city but perhaps it's because of their selection and gluten free options! Either way I definitely think its worth it. The wings were a great size, not too small and not on steroids. They do have drummettes with the wings too so they are not ALL wings in case you were wondering.I ordered salad too with my order. Neat concept where you are able to pick whatever unlimited free toppings! This was awesome as I don't see too many places do this and the serving size was definitely for sharing! Some toppings are a buck or two. The dressings were great too! Overall, casual atmosphere. Seems like a great neighbourhood pub with more healthy options than other pubs. I like what they are doing here and will definitely come back...especially for Sunday wing night
I been here couples of times when I was in Vegas with friends. When I got here I didn't think this place was a Vietnamese place since it looked more Americanize. There was no line or waiting when we got here and was seated right away, When I looked at menu there was so many choices to pick. I noticed that people were ordering the ox tail pho or lobster pho. I ordered Bun Bo hue since it my favorite noodle. I also ordered Vietnamese coffee since I was tired from the long drive to Vegas. The coffee was good that it help me stay wide awake the whole day lol. While the girls all ordered their District famous ox tail pho,  I had to be the "Unique" out of the group lol.  The portions of the bun bo hue and pho was big. It was very good. I got to taste of some of pho since my friend shared with me. I was impress with their pho so next time I will order the Ox tail Pho or maybe the lobster pho. The servers were very attentive and checked on us often . They refills our water often. I will definitely will be back when I'm in the Chinatown Vegas.
Loud outdoor area, but I liked this place. Cool Vibe, nice wait staff, and the food was good too. I was sorry I wasn't able to indulge in their full bar and extensive drink list. Next time!
Interesting menu! The Tomato soup was really impressive. The random breads in the basket was a little confusing. An array of breakfast breads, and dinner breads, possibly because of brunch. The Pork sandwich was ok. More bread then anything. The service earned the 4 star review!
For people expecting a $35 hand car wash job here, you're at the wrong place. This car wash, even at their highest priced wash, will give you a bare bones, decent wash so your car doesn't look like crap rolling down the street. We have been bringing both our vehicles here for about 2 years now, having bought the unlimited wash passes for both. My husband has a flat black dip job on his truck and it looks filthy after 2 days of normal driving. The $15/month pass is perfect- we can drive through and get it decently clean within a few minutes. I don't mind vacuuming myself or wiping down my own interior. The cars don't get spotlessly clean like they do at a handwash, but good enough for the price. My only issue is with the electronic pass for your windshield. It literally works properly 1/5 times. We were told this was due to a faulty pass and given a new one. Then we were told it was due to the polarized windshield, and they gave us a signed pass to keep in the glove compartment. We have problems each time we use it and are told that we need the adhered windshield pass. It take a 10 minute explanation each time until the manager comes out and recognizes us as near daily patrons. Otherwise, I think this place is a good bang for the buck!
I love this place! Definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Madison and my hands down 1st choice for quality sushi in Madison. First of all this place is located in the Hilldale mall near a lot of great shops. Yes there isnt much parking near the restaurant but there is always parking in the Hilldale parking lot. The place has a great vibe to it, very modern. I've eaten here a number of times and all of their rolls are superb. Maybe once out of the 20+ times I've eaten here the unagi wasnt that great but it was only once.  Yes its kind of pricey but they do have discounted sushi specials for chefs choice during lunch and dinner. They have great options for small appetizer dishes that are super yummy and a lychee martini that is killer. The sake selection is kind of pricy but all really great quality. Anywhere else I would give this place a solid 3 stars but since Madison has so many limited options for great sushi I'll add another star. I'm so glad this place exists in Madison!
Good place, reasonable prices. But sometime oil change takes bit more time. Overall, i like this place bc they care about customers and they always nice to me.
Cozy place, friendly staff. We stayed here three nights while attending a wedding weekend. The rooms are on the small side but we fit four adults, one child and two infants into two rooms connected by a bath. The rooms were clean and well equipped. Breakfast was generously portioned and delicious. Our rehearsal dinner was good too, save room for the bread pudding, even if you have to share. The rooms are quiet during the well but they do have music downstairs on the weekend. The volume wasn't more than a radio playing in our room and it ends at 11 pm. We would definitely stay again.
I got the Blackened One Burrito® and was pleasantly surprised. I would give them 5 stars but I waited 11 minutes for my food. (Yes I time people) I could tell they sent all their cooks home but one, I'm thinking because its Sunday during a football game isn't the busiest. Restaurant felt and looked very clean and people were friendly even with my inpatients. I will go back.
This is the place you come to when you are on a budget and need a sushi fix. It's honestly a bang for your buck! We ordered the red dragon, rainbow, black dragon, spicy salmon, salmon ginger wasabi roll and one assorted tempura. (We also got complimentary enoki beef rolls because they messed up an order!) Oh, and I can't forget the complimentary miso soup and ice cream. All of this came up to a sweet $58 and some. Obviously the quality can't be compared to Guu down the street.. But still quality sushi regardless. The rolls could be a little more creative, but it's not a big deal. The ingredients still mingled. Presentation wise.. Well honestly when you pay for fast service and cheap quality food.. Who cares!  Avocado was bang on (total pet peeve when they're not fresh or browning), portions were reasonable and sashimi was fresh. Service is always fast at this place. The only thing I dislike about Sushi on Bloor is the "waiting area" in the front. It often gets busy and results in a 10-15min wait for a table. People often line up in this tiny corridor between the inside/outside doors.. It gets way too congested and makes me feel super impatient with all the people brushing past me. Stop shoving me!! I'm hungry and cranky too! Well despite the cranky and hungry sushi lovers...My sushi craving has been satisfied tonight!
This place gets packed.  The food was decent. Better than what I though.  The service was efficient. 10 bucks for a liter of beer is a bit pricey. Share one that way it does not get warm.The sour kraut balls were amazing. Pot roast was nice, walley had a bit to much breading. And the wiener schnitzel was good.  Most people could get away with sharing a meal.
Great Show.  My 7 year old also loved it and got most of the shows.  There are some adult innuendos that made it fun for the adults as well.The magic was old fashioned but still amazing.We got free tickets (with a purchase of a drink) after we went to the Grand Canyon through Viator.
I ordered a bang bang shrimp and soft shell crab and those are wonderful!! Love it. Little suggestion, should have some noodle with a bang bang shrimp. It would be awesome.
pad tai tastes good, the chicken is tender, the service is good too.  also it is a quiet place which is good for dating.
Nice sashimi!  Very fresh and good quality.  It would be perfect if the wasabi in nigiri were even at every piece.
Came here for lunch today. Good breakfast food and didn't have to wait. Fast and great service.
Great Sushi! The Candy Cane Roll & Kiss of Fire are awesome if you like spicy. Just a block from Sushi Fever and just as good.
When the weather is nice, the Bridle Path is a wonderful place to walk with friends or go on a run!  In fall the trees are beautiful, and in Spring there are fun farmers markets to check out!  Venture off the path a little and take in some of the beautiful Central Phoenix homes and neighborhoods.  I love to start at Northern and go down to about Glendale,
The wonderful thing about Las Vegas is the access to shops that you might not find in your hometown.  The last time I was in a Tod's was in Paris and you can't help but wander in to look at the M&M colorful assortment of loafers.  I want one in every color but they're around $600 a pair! Nonetheless, it's fun to come in and look anyway. Located inside the Forum Shops at Cesar's Palace
Went last night with a party of 16. Staff was extremely accommodating and friendly.The restaurant was tastefully done. You order and they bring the food to you.The turn around time was efficient especially since we were a large group. The food was delicious and there is something tasty for the biggest carnivore to a vegan. Chips are complimentary and there is a salsa and fixings bar. Portions are generous. They also serve wine and beer. This one will certainly be a good back again and I am pretty certain the whole group felt the same way.Very positive experience.
So I come here for 3 things: the splash pad, Menchie's, and H&M. Oh, and I have been to the Apple Store also, so I guess 4 things. The splash pad is awesome for the kiddos because it is nice and shaded by huge palm trees. There is a nice blend of retail clothing shops, jewelry stores, restaurants, and specialty stores to keep most people happy. A few other fun places are Make Meaning and iPic if you really want something special. Nice misters make the hot summer days a bit cooler. It is like a street taken out of Beverly Hills and transplanted into the middle of Scottsdale.
They did a great job saving our big sycamore tree and they were right on budget!
Really delicious breakfasts!  And they have mimosas!  The tables are often sticky however.  The service could improve, but the quality of food is amazing and the quantity is huge.  Go with a big appetite!
This is new and a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Very tasty. Spacious so you can get a table, a bit noisy but not overwhelming. The food is authentic and very good. A little bit sweeter than I like, and "medium" is not spicy enough. But flavors are very savory and cooked well. Service was prompt and friendly. Overall very good and will come back, but only rated 4 stars compared to our favorite Bangal Kabab House.
I've been a client now for five years since we moved into the area. They have a very friendly staff, a full range of services, and great selection of polish colors. They are pretty busy on the weekends so I recommend an appointment, but they also take walk-ins. I don't go to anyone in particular, just whomever is available when I stop by.
Give it a try, this place definitely deserves your patronage. Food is good, not too spicy, and its very laid back,
There were dark times at Livermore.Those times seem to be coming to an end. Management has been reverting bad decisions made.The front door is open again.The snooty host asking for your reservation is gone.You can sit down on a Tuesday or Wed and have a conversation with the bar manager again, and learn about cocktails and liquors.Welcome back, beloved neighborhood bar!That last remaining star is for the food - I need to try it again. The last experience we had was not so good, and portions were a bit small for dinner, and too expensive to be a snack. I do wish they had some cheap bar snacks like they used to - nuts, bread.
I have been going to the RWB in Mesa since it opened and the food is pretty darn good.  As a vegetarian I have tried every possible combination of food on the menu that is vegetarian, but I typically will just stick to the pizzas and salad. The eggplant Florentine is very good too, but the serving is enough to get you through 4 meals!  That is true with most of their food, the portions are large, so don't be turned off by the prices.   I would have to agree on the comments below on the service; it's nothing to write home about. The only thing I will say is that I know several people who are regulars at the brew and they are treated like gold... so maybe there's something us occasional patrons are missing.  If you are area, I would definitely recommend RWB.
Dropped in to check it out while on this side of town and we were not disappointed.  Nice AZ brews and in house BBQ. Pulled pork, brisket and great ribs. The St. Louis style ribs best I've had in a long time. Sides I included hand cut fries and potato salad. Both fantastic ask for the fries crispy. Overall we really enjoyed this place. Definitely recommend checking it out.
Location: 51st ave & Northern (Northeast corner)I don't really get the "shady vibe" some got from this location. Inside, the decor is exotic, welcoming and...unexpected. Being in a strip mall, I didn't expect such attention to detail. The Food: Fantastic. But oddly, whenever we eat AT the restaurant, the food is rave-ingly good. It seems when we take it to go, we've gotten dry, unimpressive meals a few times. Not sure what that's about.I love that they use the broccoli stalks rather than the heads. Definitely cuts the gas factor down for me.My favorite meals:* Crispy Fried Fish ($11.95) - Non-fishy tasting catfish in an awesome coconut curry sauce...mmmm...Ironically, the fish is NOT crispy but who cares?* Just tried the Pad-See-Yew Noodles last night ($8.95) and I looooooooooooooooooooved it. The noodles were buttery tasting and the fried tofu (you can choose from tofu, beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, scallops, squid, or seafood combo) was a great firmish consistency.* Thai Egg rolls ($2.50 for 2) - Yummy but they contain chicken and now that I'm vegetarian, can't have 'em.* Fried Rice is yummy and fresh... Comes with cucumbers and tomatoes which is kind of weird but refreshing.There's always plenty leftover for another tasty meal manana. The customer service is cordial and friendly.The Bad:1) Closed Mondays (weird day to close)2) No website (in this day and age, there is no excuse for this. No one says you have to get all fancy and post the menu and stuff but even if you just put up 1 cheap page with your name, logo, address and directions...)3) A few issues with takeout quality4) The mounted flat screen kind of kills the ambiance.
I came here 1 week after it opened.  The beers were good, adventurous, over all well done.  I'm an IPA fan and they did those well.  I loved the half pours because they gave me the option to try a large amount of the beer list without having too much.  They do 1/2 pours instead of flights.  So don't be disappointed if there are no flights, because the 1/2 pours are perfect....you can try so much more!  It wasn't overly crowded and the service was on point.  The cheese and meat board was a nice size and you can choose your own.  The wings were also pretty good.  The place is the start to something wonderful.  There is street parking only, so take it when you can get it!  Also, although the street sign says East Railroad Street, those of us from the South Hills know this road as Washington Pike coming from Bridgeville and Washington Ave coming from Carnegie.  I'm not really sure why the township renamed this road East Railroad Street because it parallels West Railroad Street.  As a person in the map making field....this is really odd.  You don't usually have east & west road names parallel to each other.   So just be aware, this is on the main drag.
Loved our services and the techs my husband and I had were outstanding. My husband received the best hand and leg massage from Shalonda (he thinks that's her name lol) He was so relaxed when we left and she sent us to a great local place for wings and another place for Gelato. We'll be back on our next visit from Chicago.
Whether you call it Shannxi Biang Biang or House of Egg Roll, the idea of new regional Chinese food is exciting. China is a huge country and as a Millennial I'm all about trying new places and things. I've read Fuchsia Dunlop. Of course, none of that goes very far towards helping me understand what I've eaten from a cultural perspective: the Shaanxi sandwich tasted great and it's hard to go wrong with the Shananxi-style handmade noodles. I liked how the dish veered more towards vinegar. It's something I wish I knew more about, but in the meantime I like the idea of this very specific Chinese restaurant offering something that's difficult to find anywhere else.
Great stop for a late night desert!  After a delicious dinner at Laurier Gordon Ramsey next door we stopped at Juliette et Chocolate for desert.  The wait was long but worth it.  During our last visit to Montreal we went to the sister location on St. Laurent.  The Laurier location is the same in terms of food quality just a bit "fancier" spot with newer decor.  I would strongly recommend the molten chocolate cake with carmel topping.  For chocolate fans that have been to Angelina in Paris, this feels like a scaled down version of that over the top choclate stop and well worth the visit.
We recently went to Burgatory and it was amazing.  I made my own burger creation which included the following:Hormone Free Beef, Brioche bun, Sweet Onion Rub, Buffalo Cheddar, Habanero Jelly Sauce, Baby Spinach, Organic Field Greens, Arugula and Sliced Tomato with free chips on the side. And I love it!!! Most delicious burger ever!!! There was a sweet taste with a spicy sensation. Very unique taste! Also our server was friendly and helpful; however, the service was a bit slow since it was very busy and packed. Overall, I highly recommend everyone to try this place out.
Had to run to WalMart last night and decided to see if this Chandler store had opened yet.  When I walked in I saw tray after tray of gorgeous cupcakes and just could not decide what to try.  The very cute, nice guy working behind the counter asked what I liked.  I said peanut butter and he suggested the *something* Elvis cupcake (can't remember right now).  It was banana cake with peanut butter frosting with little chocolate chips on top and a little glitter to it.All I can say is, next time I will eat 1/2 at a sitting.  Holy cow!  It was the best cupcake I'd ever had but I ate the whole thing and felt a bit more than full afterwards.  The frosting was delicious but a little rich, the cake was moist and perfect.  This place will be the destruction of my good eating habits for sure.  Thankfully, I don't go to WalMart all that often ... but I WILL be back.  Too many amazing flavors I want to try. ;)
On the 10 freeway heading for Tucson, hungry, pulled into an "in and out burger" no room at the inn! standing room only, so we bailed and a block away passed Jason's Deli Wow,it was great, fast and delicious. I have eaten at Cantors deli in West Hollywood and several famous Jewish delis Jasons was an equal.
I try my best to be honest and detailed so that other tourists can make an informed decision regarding visiting an establishment. My wife and I were in Vegas looking for good Italian food. We searched Yelp and other resources and decided we wanted to try this restaurant. Our journey: this is not the restaurants fault, but worth noting. Not knowing how to get to this establishment we relied on the directory. BIG MISTAKE. no joke it took us 20 min to find this place. After asking, and looking at several directories ( that show "you are here" backwards from where you really are). At one point my wife and I were tempted to just eat any place, but it became a game to find this restaurant. Once here it was smaller than expected and kind of exposed to the mall. But we were happy to find it! The service was superb! Wish I remembered our waiters name. A younger Italian gentleman. Super nice, checked on us at all the right times. Overall very good service. Food: we both had Caesar salads that were very good. I had chicken parmesan which was great and my wife had chicken Marsala. It was honestly very good food. Our bill came and it was "cheap" for Vegas, around $80 or so. Considering we had great service and good food I put $120 bucks in the binder and we finished our drinks. Our waitress took the bill, asked if we needed change and I said no you're all set. 2 min later he walked pasted us and thanked us which was nice. As we left he made it a point to thank us again saying he really appreciated it. I wasn't looking for that, but it was very nice of him. I recommend this place. No frills, small, but great food with good service.
With a party of 7, we booked a reservation for 6 and was easily added on an extra person when we got to the restaurant. Overall, food was prettttty good, but service was lacking for what the price of the restaurant. Service felt a bit disorganized. Let's start with their complimentary Baguette with jam and butter. Love their baguette - light, crisp, and perfect with their jam. I could just eat this for the meal. Cheese platter was one of the best I've had - it came with cow, sheep, and goat cheese; hard, medium, soft; mild, semi pungent. My favorite was the truffle cheese - oh man, the truffle flavor was strong. Along with the cheeses were honey comb, walnut, sliced apples, and delicious bread crisp with dried fruits. Pair the sweet offerings with the Cheese, it was a perfect flavor medley in the mouth. Moving onto my Omlette Du Jour - I was a bit disappointed. I was expecting a fluffier omlette, but I think my eggs were a bit over cooked. French Onion Soup was divine - the soup was reduced, the caramelized onion flavor really shined through, a bit salty as French Onion soup tends to be, cheese was perfect.
I like the Main Dish. I really do. Especially the part where they make me home cooked meals that I don't actually have to prep but I can still look like a rockstar for having on hand (when people ask if I make it, I just reply "Of course it's homemade!") Bests: meatloaf and lasagna. The rest is yummy too, but these two dishes in particular just taste better when they're coming out of somebody else's kitchen.Besides the takeaway options, TMD also has a pretty fantastic lunch counter. Go to the sandwich counter. It's the provolone to my prosciutto. And I hear pretty delicious reports on brunch, though I haven't managed to try that myself yet.In other news, TMD also serves beer and wine at their little bar. Oh, and coffee. Seriously, what DOESN'T TMD do?If you haven't been yet, and you're reading this, you are out of excuses. Go. Go directly to The Main Dish. Do not pass another eatery. Do not collect other nibbles to fill yourself up on.
My wife and I came here for our anniversary and loved the food.  We started off with the deep fried deviled eggs which were incredible. My wife ordered the short ribs and I ordered the Pork Oso Buco.  This ended up killing the conversation and we were both enthralled in eating our food and savoring each bite.  The only knock I have was on the desert which left us underwhelmed.  We ordered the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores which, after the great meal we had, didn't quite have the same impact as the apps and entrees.  The wait staff seemed to be slightly occupied but for the most part we felt taken care of.It is definitely worth going to - but maybe try a different dessert.
I really appreciate that the owner took the time to reach out to me after my last review. I really had a bad experience and the fact that the customer satisfaction is taken so seriously made me feel wonderful. I was comped a massage in lieu of the bad one, and ended up with Rony, a therapist who came highly recommended from the staff. My massage was very good and seemed to be an adequate "make up massage" comparatively, but it still wasn't great. I give the European massage school 4 stars because it really is a SCHOOL of aspiring professionals and they have not mastered their skills just yet. Overall, staff is amazing for working with me on this one, and the price is very exceptional for the amount of time you get on the massage table.
Fact: high quality fish, screamingly fresh and exquisitely prepared is inherently expensive stuff, traditionally served in small portions. My sashimi dinner here was a steal at $20-some, albeit a very light supper. But a less experienced dining companion had real trouble negotiating the menu and left unsatisfied. If your concept of sushi is California rolls and the like you may want to put off a visit to Hiro. If you're looking for an undiluted Japanese sushi experience look no further.
You know this place is going to be good when you walk in and everyone there is Greek. It feels so warm and friendly as the staff there is super attentive and it almost feels like you're in Greece (or what I imagine Greece would be like). The food here is absolutely delicious. I got the special which was fish. It was a bit on the pricier side ($20 for salad, fish and fries) but SO worth it. The fish was nice and crispy however it was literally as though they took the fish without cleaning it and just fried it. There were so many bones that is was a bit painful to eat. The fries were perfectly crispy. My friends got the pork souvlaki  and the ground beef dish which they all really enjoyed. The meals are big and I would say they're large enough to feed two people at a satisfied state (provided they're not heavy eaters). Will definitely stop by again!
I really enjoyed my brunch! We were in a decent size group with a small baby and they were great about accommodating us! Since it's a buffet it seems that table turnover is slower than a normal restaurant, but they were great about putting tables together and making it work. As for reviews that mentioned food not being served hot, I did not experience that at all. Everything that should have been in chaffing dishes was, and the staff was great about keeping all the food stocked. The buffet line can be long at times, but it really just depends on when you go up. The made to order omelette was a great option, though no one at my table ordered one. Overall great experience, and would be five stars if only North Carolina could serve alcohol before noon!
OK, I am a sucker for Queso Fundido, so my dining experience was off to an incredible start. The fundido was hot, but not scathing and had a great consistency. Then the blue corn tortilla with duck. The duck just melted.  I ordered dinner, not thinking about how full I would be from the appetizers, but I powered through.I ordered the 16 spice chicken. Just the right blend of spices (no I don't know what they were), the right amount of spicy, and the chicken was cooked perfectly.So I was to full to have dessert.My only complaint is that the staff stood around a lot, in full view. Which is really frustrating if you are waiting on something. As an added bonus we could hear them complain about other waitstaff, what they were doing after work... Really do that in the kitchen on on your own time. This knocks it down a star.
It's a good time, not sure it's worth $20, but hey. They have discounts for students and many other different discounts. It's a nice way to kill a couple hours, it's different.
Yes ! I like this place !!Restaurant is clean Service is good Price is not too expensive Food was delicious !!I don't eat Cajun seafood oftenBut I wanted try something different sometimes .... I wanna come back again !!
I come here often for Walnut cakes! 6 little delicious balls for $2! My fave are the potato and walnut, and potato and almond cakes. Walnut cakes with roasted green tea Korean style - you can't go wrong! Total: less than $4! Great snack and totally different from timbits. Run by a sweet Korean family!
First timer here, we've been wanting to come here for a little while. From the reviews it seemed like we needed to get here early. Luckily for us we're old ppl trapped in young bodies so we tend to go out very early so we didn't have any issue with seating, of course this was at 16:00. The staff gets a 5 star for being awesome. The burgers were good, but for $11-15 by themselves I'm not too sure. Maybe I'll try the kobe beef next time. The shakes are pretty good too. Out of the whole thing I'd say the fries and shake were our favorite. We will definitely swing in for the shakes and the loaded fries (we didn't get the loaded this time).
The food was amazing but, a super inconvenience that they can't split checks. You're in the customer service industry and dividing payments is a huge part of that. The fact that it's such a hassle makes me second guess coming here. You need to upgrade your payment method to accommodate you're customers. Other than that service was good!
The steak and the spot prawns or spot-on! Cooked to perfection seasoned with love and I ate with great passion.  Was like love in my heart except it was in my mouth.
Kick off your high heels and peel off that tight dress!  This is the place to unwind.  We arrived 20 minutes before our services began.  I learned next time to go even earlier than that to make use of the great amenities.  After filling out a little paperwork we waited were escorted to our separate wings.  The girl gave me slippers, robe, and a locker.  I only had time to change into my robe (they have private changing rooms) and gulp down a cup of ice water.  I had one of the SIGNATURE RITUALS package.  My body melted!  Afterward, I used the steam and dry sauna.  Make sure to grab a cucumber iced towel (and a few cucumbers for your eyes) before you head into the sauna.  They have an endless supply of towels ready for you inside the spa.  Once you are exhausted from sweating out alcohol through your pores, get something to drink/eat in their dimly lit room.  There are magazines and a TV.  When you're ready for your shower they have razors, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash for you.  ENJOY!
I like to bowl about once a year & this fit the bill!  We went on a Thursday afternoon & they had a special to bowl unlimited games with unlimited pizza for two hours for $14/pp.  We weren't hungry & said no to the special until she told us the total ($70???) so we got the special & just didn't have pizza.  The alley is nice & they played an excellent mix of music with the videos on the big screens at the end of the alley (even a Jerry Lee Lewis video from the 50's!!!)  They even have a "jukebox to choose music from.  The staff was pleasant & very helpful & even picked out the perfect ball for me before I even asked (they are behind the counter).  They have 1/2 sized shoes so we bowled away & had a great time!  (I broke 100 twice & my sweetie broke 150!)  The were several people/families bowling & everyone was polite & appropriately behaved (always a plus)
Come here when you want a generic breakfast. The crepes were great. Everything is just good, nothing incredible, but will live up to your expectations of iHop.
daily I go get my beverage from this starbucks because its clean there fast and everyone that works there is always polite and friendly.
I found this place by accident while trying to find a different Thai restaurant, but I'm sure glad I wound up here. I stopped in for a lunch special which came with soup, rice, small fried spring roll, and entree. The soup was rather plain and unimpressive  the stir fried beef on the other hand was quite tasty. The sauce they used was delicious. And when I said I wanted it spicy, they sure made it spicy! Good on them. The employees were all very nice and accommodating as well. Highly recommended.
This is an amazing place!  Great atmosphere, very clean, beautiful bar, and most importantly, great food!Shoot for the fish tacos; yum!!!The only reason I didn't rate this a 5 star was due to the service being quite slow and lackluster. Other than that, GO NOW!
The dishes are delicious, I had curry fish (extra hot) and the first soup on the menu, those are good. The price was about $20, do not have much traditional tai food, more like those express food style but with nice dining environment. Good for a express, but so good as a dinner restaurant.
My fiance and I are Las Vegas locals, and often frequent the restaurants in the Henderson/Green Valley area.  As folks who work in the service and hospitality industries ourselves, we are often on the look out for restaurants that offer both good service and great food!  King's Fish House is one of the better seafood restaurants in Las Vegas, and has a good reputation.  We have been to this place before, and almost always have a great time.  The menu is huge, with many items to choose from (not just seafood); in fact, on my most recent visit here, I ordered a Southwestern Salad with blackened chicken.  Our server was a great guy with a lot of information on the menu  items.  He offered some suggestions to help us decide which items we would choose for lunch, and he was courteous and personable.  A win-win!King's Fish House has definitely taken a more hand's-on approach to making sure that the service is great and that the food comes out fresh and in a timely manner.  Always a bonus when you visit a restaurant with a good reputation and it holds up over time.  I highly recommend this place for lunch, dinner or their awesome desserts
This restaurant an amazing place to stop while traveling especially for gluten free food. The town is cute and the food was great. The cedar plank salmon was a one sitting proportion. It tasted great. The gluten free options were limited but were different from what is typical when eating out.  The squash and cashew meal was delicious. I highly recommend it.
Great little place, tasty grub and British fare. Exactly what it's trying to be. A piece of British civilization  inside the vast desert abyss. Came here for breakfast, because the prices are less than half of what they are on the strip. The service and food met my expectations. Cool little groove.
Ok...so don't go to the Filaberto's down the street on 32nd St. and Indian School drive the extra  mile and go here...This place is so so so much better.Things that are must haves...any carne asada burrito...so good and they are huge...get the #15 on the menu it is so worth it, you get 2 carne asada burritos with beans and rice and a drink for like $10. Important::::And ask for the guacamole salsa, I believe it is exclusive to this location and might be the best thing ever invented. I always get extra to put in my eggs the next morning for breakfast. So good.::::The shrimp taco's here are bomb.com I mean...they are so frickin good, I could eat them everyday..And lastly the piece of resistance is the carne asada super nachos...I don't care where you go this place has the best nachos in Phoenix. They give you a Styrofoam container heaped and I mean heaped with refried beans, rice, guac, sour-cream, carne asada and chips this thing is so big it could seriously choke a pig...this thing probably weighs in close to 5 pounds...this is not an exaggeration...I seriously need to weigh one of these one day. This place is open 24 hours and I must say is my guilty pleasure, if your on a diet don't go here, but if its a cheat day and you are looking to indulge...dive in. I love this place...
It was great, my burger was $13 with onion rings. The onion rings were too crunchy. I have had better. The atmosphere is definately nice though. Like a picknick at every table. I would go at least once. But not again because of the price.
I ordered the smoked chicken sandwich with macaroni salad.  The chicken was very good, the only thing I didn't like was the woman working in the back making my sandwich didn't have gloves on, and she had long finger nails, so I don't know how clean her hands were and she was man-handling my bun.
The woman at the reception desk was friendly and she sent me to another waiting area. The gentleman who checked me in was also pleasant and effective.I did have to wait over an hour after the time they told me to arrive. They said to arrive at 10:30am for my 11:00am appointment. They saw me shortly before noon.The nursing and medical staff were professional and my experience was excellent.
Frozen yogurt became a fad because it's healthy.  I'm just into it because it's just darn delicious.  During the summer I came to this Red Mango frequently because I worked at the same shopping center.  It was always clean and in tip top shape.  The workers there are also wonderful.  Never have I gone in and seen a sour face from an employee.  They're always polite and helpful.  I feel like they never judge me either when it I seem to have my cup half full of mochi and half full of frozen yogurt.  I will say it again, Red Mango is just so delicous!  They have a lot of toppings.  I like that I can balance the sugary sweets with some fruits too.  The only downside of Red Mango being small is that they do not have a very wide selection of flavors.  It's okay, I still love it there.
A nice small place by the exit 26. Tried it after reading the Yelp reviews and glad to say that I did. Had the salmon fillet, it was fresh and juicy. Highly recommend the baklava, a pure delight and a must have. Will surely go back again
First thought was this market is becoming saturated with AYCE sushi shops. This place was above the rest the presentation was pleasant and the manager or owner came around and was very nice he asked how we came across his restaurant and was very welcoming. Which was on par with the rest of the service staff. The food was plates nicely and was in good portions. I have found that some other AYCE places make their maki rolls smaller than regular, that's not the case here. I didn't feel they were trying to cheap out on their AYCE orders. Although we weren't given an option for a regular menu I would imagine you don't have to do AYCE if you don't want too. But at $19 it's a good value since other in the area go up to $22. Well worth the money, the portions were good, the food was fresh, the atmosphere was casual but somewhat eloquent, and the service was very friendly and pretty quick.The only thing was I would have at least seen a regular menu.
This is one of my favorite spots to sneak out for lunch. The lunch specials are amazing. I'm a big fan of the 2 tacos, or the Taco and the cheese Enchilada.  In a small group setting, the service is amazing. However, once time I brought my Team from work (10 members) in for an off-site lunch meeting. I made reservations several days in advance. They brought us to the back of the restaurant, and it took a solid 10 minutes for someone to come by with water. Then took several more long moments to bring our drink orders. Once we finally ordered our food, it took near 40 minutes for everyone to get served (this is including one member of my team who had to wait an additional 5 or so minutes from the rest of my group)  The food was still delicious, and very affordable. We were just disappointed in the service for a large group. All in all, this is a great lunch spot, with consistent and delicious food. Just don't bring a big group.
We were overall pleased with our purchase. No pressure at all even for add on at finance close. The reason for 4 stars is only that when we were presented with the "deal" we had a web price that they didn't show us. They touted transparency but thankfully we did our research first. Hopefully we will be happy with service when that is needed. Overall happy though.
Wedge salad 5*Steak skewers 5* (although I would've liked more than a spoonful of papaya salad)Spaghetti O's 4* Tapioca dessert 2*Great ambiance and service in the dining room and lounge.
Today was the first time I visited the Great Greek and I am pleasantly suprised with the food, although it's a little small dining area I did not mind due to the fresh tasting delicious food.
Russian  Chocolate Babka!
I love Pei Wei!!! The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is that I think I love China Way (see my other review) more and its more authentic I believe. Everytime I have been to Pei wei though, I have not be disapointed. I have several favs. The honey seared chicken is amazing, as are the Pei Wei spicy beef, lettuce wraps, and Dan Dan noodles. The orange beef , pad thai, and chicken lo mein are pretty good as well but I rarely order them because I love the other dishes more. I love that you can order noodles with your entrees in place of the rice but having the option of brown rice is nice as well when I am trying to watch what I eat. Another tip if you are watching calories: you can get any main dish with the chicken steamed instead of battered and fried. Pei Wei also makes the most amazing crab wontons with the best sauce evar!!! One of my biggest pet peeves when it comes to crab wontons is when there is no crab. Hello, crab is in the name so it should be present in the dish! At Pei Wei, you can actually taste and see the crab in their wontons. Mix that with the sweet chili sauce they serve the wontons on and these are great! Don't get me wrong though, I've tried some of their other dishes that I was not a big fan of. Their thai coconut chicken was a little bland, the sweet and sour chicken is not what I look for in sweet and sour chicken (the sauce wasnt very strong), and the mongollian chicken had a strange flavor that I didnt care for. But to each his own, people have different taste. Anyways, Pei Wei is one of my favorite places to go and the prices are relatively cheap. I agree with one reviewer in why would you go to PF Changs when Pei Wei has the same food pretty much at a fraction of the price not to mention the portions are bigger.
Great food. Clean and nice ambience. Love the menu selection. The appetizers are the best in town.
I was referred to this spa by a friend and booked a shoulder and back waxing appointment. I was able to book a 'waxing' on the same day I needed it, and was very happy with the service and the price. Everyone here was friendly and the room I had the waxing done in was very clean and smelled great.For the guys out there who need 'manscaping' I would highly recommend this place and I am surprised it  does not have a higher rating. I literally paid twice as much at my old place in Mississauga and the service levels were about the same.Aroma, I will be back here again :)
Stopped by today for the first time at lunch. I had never heard of the place although it has been open a few months. I got the smoked turkey club, it was good! Not a huge sandwich but with a bag of chips was enough to be satisfying for lunch. The turkey didn't taste very smokey but was still good. They need to replace their window signage to get noticed. It is black lettering on glass storefront with dark backdrop which disappears and is easily missed. I drive by 44th and Lorain daily headed to 90 and have never even noticed the place. They need white lettering or a fascia sign.  My only gripe is I feel the sandwiches are $1-$2 too expensive. If they were $8 I'd be more likely to be a regular. When you start talking $12 for an average sized sandwich and bag of chips it is borderline pricey.
Small place, but good food. Many choice. It was my first time finding this place in downtown core. Good price and tasty food, if you like spicy! Worth checking out, even if you are not a fan of burrito.
A nice little quaint Italian restaurant. It's family owned and they take pride in making amazing delicious Italian dishes. The service staff is friendly and very attentive. Pizza crust is the closest I have had to NY style pizza. Good sauce and fresh toppings. Their pasta sauces are delicious.  Will definitely keep coming back. I would recommend.
Solid steak house. The cocktails were a little heavy on sweet and light in kick, but dinner was really satisfying. For a chain, they were very accommodating of a food allergy.
Ordered Lumpia and cheese rolls from Casa Filipina and they were amazing. I will definitely be back to try other items
Midoco saves the day! Since starting school, I've been getting a lot of use out of my beloved Pentel Twist-Erase mechanical pencil. Because I am also a numbskull when it comes to math, I'm constantly erasing. When I went through the last eraser refill for my pencil, I panicked. Where could I find replacements? I went to four different office supply stores with no luck. I was just about to give up when Yelp led me to Midoco. They had plenty of the refill erasers, along with a smorgasbord of new writing utensil choices. Sadly, they don't have much by way of other Pentel pencils (boo), but they do have the Staedtler Fineliners that I love so much, in every color. They have other stuff, of course -- since Halloween is coming up, they have a bunch of wigs, makeup, and other goofy stuff. Also: Moleskines. Oh, yeah, and the have art supplies.: pastels, sketchbooks, paint brushes. It's not the largest selection, but... it's not bad. That said, Midoco is great to satisfy your pen/pencil lust -- a definite must-visit for stationery freaks.
I eat here a lot and it's usually pretty consistent. They have MANY yummy options. Sometimes their fried stuff (tots, waffle dogs, etc.) are overdone and taste greasy, their Jalapeño biscuits and gravy are super tasty but they have overcooked them a time or two. That being said, if I ever have an issue, they always graciously apologize and take care of it which rights any wrong in my eyes. It's not wether you make mistakes but how you fix them that matters. Thanks Over Easy for making my family happy time and time again! Oh, one thing that would make my family even happier would be a kid's plate (like some cereal and sliced bananas) since the waits can be very long and little ones tend to get cranky.
I love trying new places and the number one thing I love about her is that she is the same. We were both 3/4 this time. I loved the intestines, the liver, and the beef but wasn't fond of the heart. She loved the calamari, the squid, and the shrimp but didn't care for the fish meatballs. Which were delicious! The heart picture is in the comments. I love us...Amber Alchemy. It was great!
Taste, customer service, atmosphere are all 5/5 so but the price and location is not letting me give an overall 5/5..Go if you feel like treating yourself a little
Vegan options in downtown Vegas!!! Pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. Half way through baking my pie they remembered that I only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  Kind of weird, but whatever.  Nice gesture, but paws off my pizza! Lol.
I loved my pulled pork sandwich. It was very very good ! they have a spicy vinegar sauce, Carolina style which I really appreciate . However I always eat my pulled pork with coleslaw. I ordered Carolina style.... It was horrible! I had a half inch of vinegar floating at the bottom of my cup. Totally turned me off. However there are several other side  dishes. I  know what to not try again, but I certainly will come back here. The barbecue was phenomenal.
Good food and excellent burrata and tomato salad!!  Good service.  Highly recommend.
We walked in and the place was really warm, I'm not sure if their AC went out but man was it uncomfortable in there, shout out to the kids working behind the counter because I hardly wanted to wait in line in that heat let alone move around.  The service was pretty slow, partially due to the people in front of us not knowing what they wanted, they were out of a lot of items on the menu and also it's brand new and there's bound to be growing pains.  I was really surprised there was no one on duty that seemed to be in charge, there was no one there to help the employees along or try and get the line moving faster.  We got our bowls to go and the food was great, it really made up for the fact that the service was slow and it being hot af.  I would recommend putting more sauce on top of the lettuce just because it was really dry, I ended up just removing the lettuce altogether, my boyfriend wasn't a fan of the kale, I didn't think he would be...I'm not even sure why he got that on his bowl to begin with lol.  All in all we would eat here again.  There's A LOT of poke spots opening up so I hope they get it together quickly.
Great hotel for business travel. Full kitchen, great rooms and smoke free. Shops and restaurants close by to walk to grab dinner. I will be booking this each time I stayOnly reason for not giving 5 stars - room service is only available on the weekends and my third night the room was not cleaned despite calling
Happy hour and selection of sushi is amazing. My favorite roll is the Red Samurai! They have a kareoke room you can rent out for special events! The ambiance and environment is so chic and modern. A great place to have a girls night!
Solid place for seafood just like your Hot n juicy and Boiling crab I think the flavor here is the closest you will get to boiling crab the only difference is the sauce isn't as thick it's more of a watery sauce and still taste good. I will say this don't order fried rice here they haven't mastered it yet and I think it's because they're not cooking it in a wok. It's very mushy and lacks flavor. The seafood though is fire and I love the packages they offer I think if they can work on these things like their side dishes they will be a force to be reckon with. Oh btw they have a lobster claw game for $2 a play and I think this makes it pretty fun to come here. Don't pass this place up I think they have great potential.
I'm from out of town and stopped in on my way through. Initially I was very impressed with the bartender Kristin. She was having such a good time with everyone at the bar and had a substantial conversation with me. I was nervous about sitting by myself since I was alone and she made me feel like I was home. The food was sub par. I left full and it was a decent price but i guess that's all that really matters.
I love the salad bar and the meats are always seasoned well. When I go I always get dessert. The creme brulee is so yummy! The only con is the price but it is well worth it.
Check in time stated 4pm our room was not ready until 6pm. We enjoyed the pool and the staff provided complimentary drinks coupons. Our reservation was by phone and we requested the late checkout at 4pm.  I have always wanted to stay at Fire in the Sky and wanted to give them a fair chance. I love resort stays!*****Unhappy Surprise -lobby staff AKA- the smart mouthed blond kid behind the desk- told us the next day "you won't be able to check out late-for blah blah reason and that is not on your paid itinerary."My husband attempted to work with him but he clearly doesn't care about his job or the resortFor the most part staff is very helpful and the rooms are clean. The resort is smaller so it is was far easier to walk to the pool then other resorts.  My daughter and I spent  quality time together and finished off our Labor Day stay by indulging in the tiramisu by the pool.  The dessert is made when you order and very worth it.
Stopped here Saturday afternoon for an early dinner on a one day Vegas turn around.  Just happened to be driving buy and noticed it.  A new place that we hadn't seen before.  Glad we stopped.  Normal pub type food.  Good fish tacos and hand made pizza.  Great atmopsphere and the service was prompt and friendly.  And the beer.... nice and cold.  Definately wouldl visist here again.
Finally got to check out the new uptown Guu, and happy to say it was a success!More than a year after my last visit to their Church St. location, I was happy to thee that the North York menu was the same! We got to try all of our old favourites, and all were fresh, delicious, and plated wonderfully :)My favourites: Kinoko (cheese and mushroom) bibimbap, Gindara (black miso cod), Ebimayo(fried shrimp doused in spicy mayo...drool), Takoyaki (octopus balls) & Okonomiyaki (japenese pancake).The only item that fell a bit short was the seared tuna....the fish was a bit too cooked and the toppings a bit band.. but still edible. 3 happy full people, 8 dishes, 3 drinks (lychee mojito! yum!) and 1 dessert later (delicious green tea cheesecake) the total per person came to $43 including taxes and tips.Set-up is nice, and staff is super friendly, and just as loud and vibrant as the Church location.Will be back!Perk: We live close by so we called for them to hold a table for us - they texted us when it was ready with 15 to claim the table which was great since we are only a ten minute walk away. Nice to not have to wait outside for an hour!
Great drinks and an exceptional happy hour.  Had a Grey Goose dirty martini and the Ahi Tuna plate.  Both excellent.  The Ahi is not as good as PF Changs which I think is the best non-Japanese restaurant Ahi.  I did see a midget and that makes me happy.  Those little upside down bowling pins for legs.  Her big-sized friends lifted her up onto her chair where she was stuck when her friends went to the bathroom.  Little Barbi purse.....I could go on.  They just make me smile.  Caused me to stay and get another drink just to enjoy the scene.
Good place, quick service.Fried brie was really tasty. Trio of sliders a bit on the dry side, but good overall.
Bouchon is one of those restaurants that perplexes me. The service is impeccable, the oysters are fresh, and the food is really good. However, I cannot give it that 5th star because nothing about the restaurant's food stands out per se (no pun intended Mr. Keller).I've been to Bouchon twice and both times I sat at the bar. I also happened to get the same bartender and this guy is so on top of his game that you would think he has been doing this his whole life. He is a courteous chap with a pleasant demeanor and offers good recommendations all around.The first time I went, I had the french onion soup, the moules frites, and the pot de creme. Each dish was delicious and the french onion soup was especially good. The second time, I had a half dozen oysters (really, really good), duck confit, and pork belly. The confit was a bit disappointing though it was cooked as well as any confit I have ever seen yet it was still a tad dry on the inside and a bit flavorless. I wasn't a big fan of the pool of nectarine juice it was swimming in either and that did not make up for the dryness.I highly recommend the Moules Frites. It is simply a bowl of mussels with a very flavorful white-wine/saffron sauce and a batch of really good french fries.The lemon tart was not so great. It was too tart and the texture wasn't anything special. This is something that I know folks can make better at home.Overall the experience was great. I love Thomas Keller and his creations. I love the service and atmosphere of the restaurant itself. It isn't overly crowded and sitting at the bar is always fun when you have a good bartender. However, I cannot offer that fifth star to Bouchon because I'm sure it's food can be so much more (and this is a restaurant review no?). Maybe next time...
Overall very good.   I've been a few times now (2 drive through,  1 dined in)  and the food has been tasty.   I've only gone with the salads and I've enjoyed them all.   Get them with the side of bread as all their breads are very good.   The baked goods and desserts are amazing. My main selling point: it has a drive through.   My Greek Corner was my go to place for to go food that wasn't fast food.   This place is a good replacement.   Now that they have been open a few weeks,  the service has smoothed out and the lines are shorter.   I will admit that the Xmas trees in early October is just weird.
Number one reason to visit Kultura: the mushroom orechiette. Roger Mooking proves his genius as a celebrity chef with this addictive dish. It's simple really: tiny pasta in a mushroom sauce, mixed just before serving with a mild cheese that melts into ooey-gooey goodness.  On the night that I dined here,  Kultura must have been having an off night. It was mostly empty even though the DJ was playing music that just begged to be danced to. It seems to be a great place for drinks, dancing and lounging, but on this night the people were just not there. No matter to me, as long as the mushroom orechiette is on the menu, I'll keep coming back.
I went here last night with some friends and I have to say, I am impressed!! It is refreshing to find a lounge like this in the Phoenix area that is not full of plastic. This reminded me of a bar you would go to in NYC; the stairway leads up to a narrow, dark, and modern room with an eclectic bunch of people filling a space that is standing room only. Oh yeah, and the bartenders know their stuff. This place also has a great drink selection. I am not a beer connoisseur, but I am always a fan of trying something I have never had before. So when I saw Unibroue La FIn Du Monde on the menu, I had to order it. Really, I just wanted to order a "Uni-brow" and I got a good laugh from the bartenders. It was however a great beer :) Aside from my new sampling, they also had a great selection of Weissbier, of which I am a huge fan. I was driving so I did not get the opportunity to try the mixed drinks, but they looked phenomenal! The atmosphere was outstanding in general with a fun vibe and good music. The crowd was entertaining to watch and a great mix of people. You could come dressed up or down to this joint and you would be just fine. I am definitely coming back to this spot in the future :)
Stayed here during EDC and it was a sweet hotel, and we didn't have to break the bank. The check out time was extended till 1pm which was much appreciated...and their pool/hot tub is sweet. So if you are driving to LV and you don't want to shuttle everywhere this is a great place to stay.
Healthy, simple, & friendly- Isn't that what Arcadia's all about? This place is inside the Madison Improvement Club, which offers yoga and spin classes. For an all-around-good vibe and an excellent, tantalizing, good-for-you-that-doesn't-taste-good-for-you menu please give this place a SPIN.
Better than your usual dive casino cafe. Went to AZ Charlie's for the first time just to check out their prime rib and it did not disappoint. First of all: set your expectations right. AZ Charlie is a dive casino on Decatur. For $13, the 12oz prime rib was probably 85% as good as Lawry's. The sides were standard diner fare, so don't get your hopes up on that. Negatives: be prepared to smell like an ashtray coming out of this place.
Great service, super nice managerial staff, and supurb food.We went one Saturday night for a belated birthday dinner. After a 15 minute wait (no reservation so to be expected) we were seated. The waiter we had was shockly good! He was formal and poliet, he did not try to act like we were his best friends but that he was providing a service to us. His manners were outstanding. The food was made perfectly and our order came in exactally how we ordered it. We got the mozzerella cheese fonda as our appitizer. We split a chicken alfredo dish, which they separated for us as our main course with salad and soup. We finished the meal with dessert, white rasberry cheesecake. At the end of our meal the manager came to our table to ask how everything was. We of course let him know the service was great!
I've been here on numerous occasions and love the work that these nail techs do! I often go to Lili for shellac manis. She does an amazing job with nail shape and my shellac polish lasts up to 3 weeks without any chipping or peeling ... which is a rarity for me. Recently I got a pedicure and gel nail extensions by Coco, as I was going on vacation and my nails were really REALLY short. The extensions lasted two weeks, with only one nail coming off by 2.5weeks. However, as I was on vacation I was using my hands a lot and am generally not very gentle with my hands. So 2.5 weeks with no complaints is good enough for me! Overall I love the staff and love this salon. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because their prices are slightly more than other nail salons in the area. But considering the quality of service and work that I receive when I come here, I'm completely okay with paying a bit more.
Sat morning was packed, so we came back street the brunch rush at like 2... Wife got breakie and I got the chicken fried steak. She liked the fresh biscuit, I liked the corn bread with honey. The banana creme pie was pretty good tooGood choice if you're on the south end of the strip
Looking for great tasting and reasonable Asian food and found it. Singapore Mei Fun very good, flavorful, and General Tso's spicy and the  Pad Thai excellent, flavorful. Not bland. Nice looking place. Plus hostesses are stunning. Good find. Will keep going.
The smell of sizzling barbecue still lingers in my ....clothes :) but that is part of the fun!  I came as part of the UYE hosted by Jen S. and dined with Steve W., Anthony M., Misti Y., Bobby Y. and my other half Eric R.  We shared two yagyu specials for the table (skirt steak, ribeye, and short rib) plus an order of tongue.  Eric R. also got shrimp and a salmon avocado roll, Steve got kimchi, and we all split a wakame soup from the suggestions of Misti and Bobby.The soup was pretty amazing, so I would go back for that in a minute!  The broth was flavorful, and it had long strands of egg (my kind of egg drop yo!), wakame and green onions.  They gave us 5 small bowls and we were all able to share it (and one order is only $4.50).  Surprisingly, the ribeye was least fatty of the meats but my favorite nonetheless.  The only dipping sauce I really liked of the 4 was the sesame oil that was seasoned with some salt.  Eric R. and I also got our own bowls of rice which was a great addition to our meal.  The meats overall tasted great, and I especially liked the marbled tongue.  It was a real treat that I am glad we tried!Jen S. and I also grilled up the kabocha garnishes from the meat plate and that was actually a really great idea!  I did not get a chance to try the kimchi but Steve and Anthony seemed to like it.  I had one shrimp (hard to mess that up!) and one taste of Eric's sushi - this isn't the place for sushi but it was perfectly fine.When I return, it is wakame soup, tongue and ribeye for me plus the ice cold beer.  The guys ordered pork cheek with miso at the end but I do not partake in the pig :)  It was a fun interactive meal and I am glad I met Steve, another educator.  I also owe many thanks to the generous Jen S. for hosting and sharing his groupon.
Pretty much the only Indian resto in this neck of the off the beaten path NDG. The store front says " Yagel Bagel", but go right in , you're at the right place. The establishment is small, only a few tables, and I've only ever been here for lunch, and so far so good. Reasonably priced , well prepared Indian food, perhaps not gourmet, but good nonetheless. I never had to wait forever to get served and the food was always piping hot, and prepared as I prefered. (medium spiced) There are 2 menus, 1 a la carte and a special lunch menu, featuring the veggie or meat thali, or briyani, with daal soup & naan, extra. The soup could have used an extra flavouring  of something or other, the naan was good & served toasty warm, the  chicken thali better than at some other places I've tried. The only other dishes I've ever had were: chicken Kashmiri, chicken Korma and the ever popular butter chicken... all good.  Overall, I've always left the place feeling pretty good, satiated and happy to have been referred here by a colleague.
Came here for lunch and ordered the pork tabletop combo. So it's basically a hot plate with pork slices, bean sprouts, and other small flavourings. The side dishes are the typical ones you get at your average korean restaurants. In addition, this place gave us a seaweed soup, which was nice and bland that balanced the heavier taste from the pork. Also, there was a nice lettuce salad that helped balance everything too.Our waiter cooked everything for us so all we needed to do was to eat. After we were done about about 60% of the dish, my friend ordered rice and the waiter added the rice into the remaining contents of the hot plate and made it into a korean fried rice dish. Overall, this may not be the most healthy meal, but it was definitely filling (mmm carbs...). It is also pretty good and cost friendly. Everything was $20 ish (lunch prices), which was shared by my friend and I. I would come here again and try their other items if I'm in the area.
I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good.  Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly.
Overall very good! Great service and location. Interesting interior, small and cozy. We had 8:30 reservations were seated at 8, the restaurant was not crowded at all. Service was fast, the table was very small but cleared off to make room for the next round very efficiently. The food portions were extremely small but the main course was a great size. Everything was perfect, the only I did not like was the awkward gas station feel bathroom. Also when we called to see if their was any earlier reservation the lady was rude. Try the carrot tator tots and veggie burger.
This is just the kind of tavern/pub/bar that Bloor Street needs.As others have stated, the decor is quite classy without seeming cheesy. The little patio over Bloor looks great as well. Overall, a great ambiance in here.I had the double hamburger, and it was sublime. The beef was tender and juicy and all the topics were top quality. You pay a few dollars more per main here than at one of the chain pubs, but it's still great value. Generous portion sizes and lots of fries too!There's a good selection of beer, and it looks like some mean cocktails as well.The service was excellent, and I was quite impressed with this tavern.
Try the social crispy beef. It's to die for.  Shanghai noodles are satisfactory but I've had better.  All in all this place is pretty perfect if you're just looking for a good selection of Asian food
Both times I've been here the bartenders have been friendly, the beer (of which there is a great selection) has been cold and the food has been delicious. They've only been open a few weeks, but so far it looks like they've got a good thing going. It will be interesting to see if they're able to keep it up as they get busier, but I'm very much looking forward to this becoming a frequent stop on Mill.
They have great food for the whole family. Every time my family gets food from there we are never dissatisfied and always receive generous portions of food when we order. A must try place! You will not be disapointed.
This place was more of a lounge then anything else, but really nice inside. It would be better to get bottle services, that way you don't have to stand around because most of the seats are reserved. The girls just got lucky to find seats, what a blessing. They also have free champagne from 11-12 on Fridays, same as for Saturday but you had to get on the guest list.Great music and a cool hang out for such a small place, great mix crowd.
This location doesn't have a all women's area and the kids play room is small but they're super friendly  oh and they don't have a juice bar or a pool either...but if you're going to the gym to bang out a good work out this location gets the job done.
It took me months to get a reservation for two here. We came with anticipation. This place is very eclectic. Expect dark, cramped quarters. The menu is very creative with multiple different types of chip dips and tacos. Our food was delicious and we left satisfied. Despite a reasonably nice dinner, I can't say this place lives up to the hype.
Great lamb burger! Enjoyed the diner ambiance and yummy lamb burger Po'Greek boy plate with fries. We had local beers OMB and Legion and loved the fried pickles. I liked the old timey decorations and great service. When you're looking for diner food with history in Charlotte it's nice to know that this little gem is in the neighborhood.
After seeing Hash House A Go Go on a Food Network show, my hubby wanted to go for the famous chicken and waffles for Sunday brunch. We arrived around 10:40 and were immediately seated Ina large booth in the corner. Our friendly server came over right away and took drinks orders while explaining a few particularly popular many items. Items chosen; chicken waffles (he loved it), apple-cinnamon pancake (yummy and seriously the size of a medium pizza!), kids hamburger (huge, said to be a little oily tasting), and egg white scramble with avocado and sweet potato fries (good). While the portions are easily large enough for 2 people to share, one will not be disappointed if comfort foods is your hankering.
Located in planet Hollywood. I had a surprising good steak and eggs breakfast here just for $6.99. Best deal in town! This place is good for a quick and causal bite to eat. Coffee is good and service is fast. Can't complain with that!
Came here for dinner on Saturday night.  Easy to get a table and the service was perfect, never felt rushed and never waited for a refill or a dirty plate to be taken away.  Food was delicious and the margarita was the best I have had in quite awhile.
The rating is actually 3.5 starsI went on a Thursday evening, as part of a group of 42 people.  We had about 1/3 of the restaurant reserved and I would recommend this place for large groups.  The all-you-can-eat sushi option was perfect for our group.Sushi is good and there are a few items worth mentioning:Appetizer: Enoki Beef MakiSushi: Snow RollDessert: crispy rice dumpling with red bean paste and the crispy rice pumpkin cakeService was very attentive and fast.  We stayed a little past closing and never felt we were being pushed out the door.Plenty of parking either on the street in front of the restaurant or in the parking lot behind.The only minor gripe we had is that it got a bit warm towards the end of the evening.
Very unique ambiance and interesting back story. It was really crowded and loud when I was there so it wasn't very conducive for studying. Other than that, it was nice.
Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine. Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza.
We had an enjoyable meal at Hank's.The food was excellent and everything was prepared wonderfully.  From the Steakhouse Salad, Crab Cakes, T-Bone for 2 and sides...all delicious.  The drinks were equally awesome.My rant, however, would be the service.  We came here a month ago and sat in the main dining room.  Again, food was awesome but service so-so.  They forgot my birthday dessert but we were full anyways so it wasn't a big deal, just disappointing.This time, we sat in the bar area to hear the live music.  Atmosphere not as romantic as it was crowded and noisy...but it was to be expected.  No biggie.Our waitress was nice and helpful when around, but most of the time...WHERE DID SHE GO?She was too busy helping the party near us with cocktails.  We were the least of her worries, or at least it felt that way.  Everything was sloooow.  Spacing between appetizers, main course and dessert was T O O FAR A P A R T!  Other than that, we really did like the food and music.Hopefully the third times a charm, should we frequent Hank's again!  :-)
Was able to quickly print out several documents I needed for a decent price and also had a great selection of supplies (I needing packing tape and some envelopes). The store was clean and organized and the staff was very helpful.
Excellent little spot in Liberty Village. Biggest surprise: best miso soup I've ever had in Toronto. The sushi is pretty standard for a cheap sushi joint, and yes, like a previous reviewer, I was surprised to find my sashimi almost frozen. But to me, that's a small complaint. I plan to go back and make my way through their cooked menu, which so far I've enjoyed more.
Cool place to check out if your a Vegas native or not. They have how they lived in an atomic testing age and cool different tools that are different from today's. It's well worth checking out.
Decent wine selection  @$20/bottleAre outside, great  patio - would be amazing with music. Servers are warm and accommodating. Provided four difference chili sauces upon request. We went with the chicken spring rolls, peppered beef, and panang curry with chicken.
Their curry chicken is so good! One thing that bothered me was the amount of bones in the chicken. It would've been better if they used boneless chicken.
I had heard mulitple extremely good comments about "I love sushi" and decided to give it try, even though i am not the biggest sushi fan.  The first thing I noticed when we sat down was the big menu with such great options... The screaming orgasm is absolutely to die for.  Price is good, service is ok.  Wouldn't say it's great, wouldn't say it's bad.  Overall, it's very enjoyable.
This days inn is very nice.  Google mislead us and it was a little farther than we thought it was from the highway, but we found it eventually.  Note that the advertised parking amenities are for you to pay $12 per night to park in a sketchy lot across the street - not cool.  But the rooms are very nice and clean, and the staff were very friendly even though we did not speak french.
Awesome little diner that has been around for a long time.  Simple food and great deserts!
I was never much of a burrito person until this Fat Bastard entered my life one fateful late evening last summer."A lil tequila lime chicken please," I said. Their idea of "lil" is not the same as mine, but do not mistake this as a complaint. Generous portions of all your typical fixings (lettuce, pico, guac, cheese, peppers) plus unique ones such as noodles (A MUST!) and "crunchies" (AKA those hot-as-death chips) are piled sky-high to the point one must wonder, how will these wonderfully nice people close this burrito?It's a true art what they do here, managing to fit all those toppings into one tortilla is a skill most enviable. The tequila lime is my favourite, but my partner in crime swears by the baja chicken. I've also tried the baked yam (though don't be fooled: to heat it up they do toss it in the deep fryer for a minute) and it was awesome, again huge portions. The pulled pork is my friend's fave, but it wasn't for me. They have a large selection of flavours, as well as quesadillas that are built much the same. Be warned: the hot sauce here is super hot! The last time I got a burrito here I passed on all things spicy.Sizes come in lil, large and huge, the latter of which truly does live up to it's name. I've personally never ordered anything bigger than a "lil" and with toppings so generous, finishing even that can be a challenge!
Ordered today for lunch for delivery to my workplace. My boss treated us to lunch since it was my birthday.  Ordered online and delivery was 6 minutes later than they said it would be but all the food was correct and delicious!  I got a large supreme pizza, lots of wings, and a cookie for under $50 bucks and it fed the whole office.  Delivery dude was nice.
One of the tougher entry level hikes in Red Rock.  Be prepared to complete destroy normal running or walking shoes on the sand stone and sharp rocks on the way.  There is no clear path up but if you follow the trail signs, then stick to the left of the gully on the way up you should see many footpaths.  You want to aim yourself to be about 100 feet to the left of the flat rock face/wall of Turtlehead, then wrap around the back and up.  Kids who are used to hiking and listen to their guardians (about not going near the edge) will enjoy the hike.  We've had 8-10 year olds out a few times and I've seen dogs a couple times.  I would not recommend dogs without protective booties though on their feet.  They'd get torn up :(Be careful of the cactus and sharp bushes -- bring gloves just in case you take a slight tumble.  I've seen many people pulling 2 inch thorns out of their hands here.  Watch your step, drink plenty of water and enjoy the view.Red Rock has roughly 12 other peaks in the park on the scenic loop which are not marked trails by the park though they are well established by the hiking community.  Check out Juniper Peak, Rainbow Peak, Bridge Mountain, or if you are feeling adventurous White Pinnacle Peak.  Juniper is my favorite for a good 3-4 hour hike!
Cute new place. Wasn't busy at all for lunch. I had the sopes sampler and the veggie sope was surprisingly really yummy! Broccoli and cauliflower. Server was really nice, manager touched our table. Also prices are very reasonably. Will come back!
Large resturante, small bar, good food with fast and friendly service. Portions are huge and the prices aren't high.
I'm surprised that the Kensington area doesn't have more Third Wave Coffee shops like The House but it's certainly a great start. I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area so I'm spoiled by having incredible coffee like Blue Bottle, Ritual, Barefoot etc so when I visit the in-laws here in Calgary I'm always on the hunt for good coffee. While The House doesn't quite stack up to my personal Calgary favorite -- Phil & Sebastian it's definitely in the Third Wave Coffee ilk. Let's do the technical details run down:- Locally roasted coffee beans: Check. They source from Fratello Coffee Roasters in Calgary- Baristas with proper training on pulling espressoCheck- Microfoam quality and Latte Art:The barista who made our drinks poured a decent rosette. See picture of the cappuccino I uploaded.Next time I'm in the Kensington area I would definitely go back to The House.
2018.08.03 Friday morning Visit.The atmosphere resembles a college town atmosphere, which is appropriate since the University of Wisconsin-Madison is pretty much right next door.  Lots of Bucky Badger & old school signs all over the walls.Service was pretty good.  I ordered the breakfast special.  Two eggs, bacon, & ham, along with Orange Juice.  For a breakfast place on Friday morning in the summer, there were lots of people here.  Even though I ate at the bar, My server was very good.  He replaced my drink without question when said orange juice was accidentally cleared away when I went to the restroom.It is a good place to eat at, but make sure you have cash on you as they don't take credit cards.  They have signs as you enter to notify you of this, along, I believe, with an ATM on the premises.
Good food, good service!!! Very pleased with the Italian sandwich and Farmhouse salad. Like how you can get all the nutritional info from website. Overall good experience. Great option for lunch around ASU.
This rating is based on the bar scene only- the décor is sexy and vibrant. They have a great happy hour here where you can indulge in high end liquor and unique cocktails. The staff is very friendly, in true French Canadian fashion, and was eager to create us cocktails, give us information on the hot spots in the city and converse with us about restaurants nearby. Our bartender created me an off the menu cocktail which was absolutely wonderful; the attention to detail was unmatchable. The DJ had a great mix of music and the place wasn't insanely packed so you could easily get a drink. We actually were able to sit at the bar on both Friday and Saturday. Price points are a bit high for cocktails, but they are high end, so what do you expect?When I return to Montreal, this is the first place I will post up for a nice drink and break from the endless amounts of walking throughout the old city.
Every aspect of Best Ellen last night was Eggcellent !Service was great- I had a million and one questions for the server and he patiently/happily answered all of them. When we stayed longer than 2 hours and the next party came to claim our table, our server moved us to another table but have us 3 desserts on the house for the inconvenience of moving.  They were Divine!!  The oysters, steak tartar, rabbit pasta and flank steak were all incredibly delicious. The drinks were eclectic and scrumptious as well. I am definitely going back to try the burger.
Blue Hound is an upscale bar and restaurant downtown. I had a little trouble finding the place because it's on the second floor. I really likes the corn grit fries. It's a little pricey but the food and drink is great.
Attended a event, nice intimate private space for gatherings. The wine and spirits were good, and if they don't have what you desire, the staff will happily create something for you.
I haven't been here in a number of years.  But I will say that the food is always good and service is great.
Good And Fast Service, Friendly Staff. Will Recommend.
This is my first time going to Yeh, as my daughters took me there.The good: Very good ice cream. Various different flavours. Lots of choices of toppings. Nice seatings and enough for everyone (we were there during the day). Nice staff, they were available to answer our questions.The bad: Ice cream machines could be a little cleaner in the "drop zone". Cups section could have been filled and looks less like half-empty. Can end up being expensive (sold by weight).This is a very nice place to have a good ice cream, if you can pay for it.
5 stars:good wine selection (st. emilion bordeaux grand cru)grand plateau seafood platter (yummy oysters)4 stars:steak frites (steak temp was perfect, frites were perfect, wth was that in 'n out grilled onion concoction on my steak?!  it would've been tres bon with only the beurre on top!)
Over all this is a decent bar. The daily food specials are always good. There is a good selection of beers on tap all the usual faves but also a good selection of guest taps thats changed up to keep things fresh. There is a great patio out back that fills up quick on a nice sunny afternoon. If you are heading over and have a big group then i suggest a reservation. There is a bunch of booths that will fit 6 average people almost comfotably. The service can be a little slow if your in a rush i would try and find a spot at the bar but if your not rushed then sit back and relax with a cold one
The bartenders were super friendly and attentive. The place is small but a fun set up and it was very packed. We had a great time. They have card games and board games all over that when looking around many people were partaking in. The menu of drinks on the wall was a little overwhelming to try and read and make a quick decision.
Vegan, intimate, delicious, would definitely go back.First time visit yesterday for some take-out dinner. Let me just say, props to the three sweet women who do EVERYTHING at this great little vegan place. They waitress, cook, clean, and smile on top of it all! Understandably it's a great little place to sit down and take a breather or peruse their small selection of sale items while waiting for take out.I ordered a tempeh chickenless salad sandwich, artichoke dip, and chai chocolate drink. My vegan experience has been limited, but I LOVED the sandwich, the dip was good, and the drink was SPOT-ON for a humid day. They had a lot of great looking deserts, a small but diverse menu, and a lot of drink options.The service was as quick as could be expected, those sitting down seemed to be enjoying themselves, and I was patiently tolerated as I tried to figure out what to get.Definitely would go back and would recommend for a friend.
Excited to try this new place, we stopped in for lunch on our way from Pahrump to Costco in Las Vegas.  My wife had a bacon and cheese sandwich and I had a chicken breast with garnishments, both on7 grain bread.  The sandwiches come with a fresh side salad, which was good. The Chi Teas had way too much ice and not enough tea. The service and ambience of the place are good, including the old Ford F5 stakebed truck backed up to the patio and the historical pictures displayed around. This is a great place for mountain bikers, bikers, and tourists to stop in for some food and refreshments.
What could be better than having brunch at Bouchon with an old friend and two new friends?  We ordered:  2 orders of sourdough waffles, one chicken and waffles, one Bouchon French toast, one pommes frites to share, and one cheese Danish to share.The food was excellent.  I really have had few sweets to compare with that cheese Danish.  Stunning!  Everyone liked what they ordered, and the pommes frites were wonderful.  The only thing that compares to these are those at an unnamed --well, OK, they have arches.  Enough said.I took one star away becasue we who got the waffles didn't get the toasted walnuts that are standard with the dish. Since we were deep in conversation, we didn't notice until it was too late.  They should know better, however.Before I left the Venetian, I checked the Bouchon Bakery near the Phantom Theatre, and they sell the cheese Danish.  Halleluia.  next time, one of you will be mine!  No photos this time.  There are hundreds already here.
Excellent thin crust pizzas with great toppings and an ok selection of local craft beers. Take away a giant slice for $5!Absolutely the most affordable dining option at aria. And the monopoly machines are right outside too!
I have been frequenting this place recently because I love their pulled pork sandwich. They have a large selection of sandwiches, soups, as well as salads. I haven't heard anyone that I have been here with that hasn't enjoyed their quality food. Also, they have some desserts that look amazing.
Good massage, nice environment and professional staff. I'll return to this business in the future.
Mediocre service but the food is pretty good. I like their menudo and posole and it's a pretty good price-$7! However, Their micheladas are really expensive.
We met up with some friends here last Friday for lunch and this new spot lives up to its name:  Thailicious!  The lunch specials are fabulous!  I had the $6.99 Chicken Pad Thai because I always have to try Pad Thai when I go to a new Thai spot.  The portion was very generous for a lunch special and I had leftovers to take home.  The restaurant is nice and bright and the service was fantastic.  I'd definitely come back for more and extra points for being close to my workplace.
This is my go-to grocery store. Outstanding customer service but a little pricey on some items.
This is one of the nicest library in the area of Markham. When I walked in I am so glad that my tax money are putting into good use.Angus Glen Public Library is nice and roomy, with plenty of windows, skylights and high ceilings.There are plenty of seatings (sofas and seats) so you can just lounge around or you can use the private rooms if you want to have some privacy.There are good selections of current paperbacks and best sellers. Most of them are in great conditions and some of them brand news since the library is only 3 years old or so.I really enjoy spending a hour or 2 on my day off having a cup of coffee and lounging around using their wifi internet and read some magazines. Of course the best thing is the free wifi!!!
Walked over from a local hotel.  Typical hotel sports bar motif.  Had great service and a nice chicken Caesar salad.  Not a bad place at all.
Got a social media deal so had to try this place. Started with half a dozen oysters. They were so good!  The horseradish had good kick and it came with a sauce that was just so tasty. I hadn't had oysters for so long I indulged in another half dozen. Mmmm.  The waiter said the owner takes particular care in ensuring the oysters are fresh shipping them in temperature controlled containers. Daughter got the crispy calamari and contrary to what I thought, the calamari is tender and served hot.  No hard chewy calamari here. The sauce is refreshing also, light and lemony.  I ate too much.Moving on to the salad. The ceasar is served with a Parmesan cracker. Good but nothing to write home about. Wife had the wedge salad, she said the dressing was a tad too watery.Main dish was a bit disappointing. My daughter had the clams and pasta dish. Clams were really salty...voodoo clams. The pasta was better. I had the Spaghetti and Halibut. That dish was rather plain.  The wife had lobster ravioli. She enjoyed it so that was the best dish of the three. Gnocchi side was good, slightly mushy but tasty.Dessert was creme brûlée and chocolate lava type cake. Both were very good. The deal included a lemonchello. Man that lemonchello was strong. Yowzaa!  So next time I'm coming here and eating oysters, calamari and dessert!
This a great little neighborhood sports bar.  It's our go-to place for UFC events.  The place is clean & comfortable, with a nice ambiance and we've always had good service (even on crazy fight nights when the placed is packed).  We have found the prices to be a little high for a sports bar style menu, but when you consider they don't charge a cover fee for UFC events & sometimes have coupons, it's not too bad.The food isn't 5 star amazing, but it's pretty solid for a joint like this.  We've tried probably about half the stuff on the menu in the years we've been visiting Augie's.  For the appetizers, the egg-roll-wrapped mozz sticks & pretzel sticks are the best of the bunch.  Their wings are run-of-the-mill & sadly they don't offer variable heat levels on the buffalo style (it's a soft medium IMO).  The burgers & sandwiches are mostly good, but not exceptional.  The best things on the menu are the ribs & pizza.  The ribs are baked/grilled style rather than smoked, but they're super tender with a sweet sauce & fall off the bone.  The pizza is probably our favorite thing at Augie's.  If fact, I'd even say I was kinda shocked at how good it was when we first tried it.  The crust is a bit bready, but it really works with the sauce & cheese they use.  It's definitely worth a try.  Pro tip - order it "well done" to get a nice slightly charred edge.  For dessert, the chocolate brownie sundae thing is surprisingly awesome.  It's simple, but good & surely plentiful.All in all, we're lucky to have a joint like this out in the far west valley.  They have friendly service, show UFC fights for free, and the food is above-average for this kind of place.
I ordered dinner using the Just Eat app, where they have free delivery for orders over $20. I ordered the Veggie spring rolls, honey garlic chicken, and pineapple chicken fried rice. It was decent - the honey garlic chicken was a bit sweeter than I was expecting and too much breading but still tasted okay. The rice was my favourite - lots of pineapple and fair amount of chicken. I'll probably order food here again, but not the honey garlic chicken. Delivery was quick and the food was hot and fresh when it arrived. The driver was very friendly and I tipped him on the Just Eat app when I paid on there. It made the transaction very simple - as soon as he arrived with my food, I didn't have to try and hold everything while paying on a mobile machine at the front door like when you order pizza.
I came here with a friend around 1:45 on a Thursday and we were in and out in less than 45 minutes. Line at the entrance went really quick. Our number was G595 and it was at G565 when we got there. We just passed the time on our phones and I would glance up at the TV from time to time. Something about eating lion fish? I don't know. Clean location. Security guard told an old lady she wasn't allowed to vape inside the premises.
so I've been here a few times and every time I've come, this place never lets me down. I had a pomegranate mojito which was super yummy - not too sweet and still able to taste the mint with a decent kick! To start, I had the pumpkin soup - which was a lot better than I had expected ... there were pomegranate seeds which sounded weird, but added a great contrast of flavors. It's pretty rich, and I didn't even finish it. The portions are pretty generous and his sauces are amazing. Everything has just the amount of fire to it! I ordered the pork with the sweet potato tamale. Everyone really enjoyed their meals and we were stuffed to our max capacity! Cute bartender and really friendly staff. Our waitress was excellent - very attentive and hilarious! Only thing that kept them from getting 5 stars is that their desserts haven't been top on my list.
I liked this place. The decor was nice, reminded me of elephant bar for some reason.We got the coconut shrimp for our appetizer. Good size shrimp with a delicious sauce. A hit of sweetness and a hint of mustard. I'm not fond of mustard but this was an awesome dipping sauce. Truly enhanced the shrimp. For dinner, I ordered the lobster/shrimp linguini. Decent amount of lobster but a crapload of shrimp! Every bite had shrimp and that was well worth the 20 dollars! The sauce had the right amount of creaminess to it which was a plus! Yes, I'd go here again. YES YES YES. Especially for the coconut shrimp!
I've been coming here every Thursday now for awhile and really like it. I meet a running group close by and after our run we normally meet at Blasted Barley for a couple beers & fries. For as often as I've been here, that's pretty much all I've tried. One time our waitress convinced a few of us to try what she referred to as "vegetarian" wings (mozzarella sticks that are covered in the "dynamite" wing sauce) that were very tasty. The fries here are yummy as well. They have a good HH for beer. All of the beers they brew themselves, plus all local beers are $3 a pint until 7. The couple of beers they brew that I've tried were good (I really like the Orca, but they haven't had it in a couple months). They also do a "lucky lady" special ($3 for a "surprise" brown bag canned beer). Sometimes a few of us will try this. A lot of the time it's Keystone or Nati Ice, often times they'll have something good from San Tan brewery. It's never been overly crowded when we come, and service can be hit or miss, but it's never terrible.
This place really surprised me! I was shocked at the amount of food you get with the lunch special being that it was only $13. I got the sushi bento box which included miso soup, ginger salad, 2 small gyoza, 3 small pieces of sashimi, 3 small nigiri, 3 California roll, 4 pieces of fried tofu (or tempura). It all tasted so good too! I'll definitely come back here for lunch. My only worry is that the sashimi and nigiri is way too small. I understand of its just for the lunch special, but if I order an al a carte sashimi it better be bigger! Overall great special and great service too.
Loved it! Sat at one of the 4 tables out in front of the store-front restaurant. We had a view of to parking lot but that didn't hinder our enjoyment of the crispy comp. plantains and dipping sauces. The wait staff was great and the menu is full of local Columbian favorites. There also was a lunch menu with 6 different entrees for $5.99 each. My husband ordered off the regular menu and I had the rotisserie chicken, rice, & beans from the special $5.99 menu. Large portion's and was delicious. The dress is casual and I noted they are open for breakfast too. We will try that for sure!
My family and I made reservations at Ann's Chophouse for my brother's birthday on a Saturday night. I had the smothered and covered chicken, which was topped with provolone cheese and fried peppers. It came with two sides so I had the mashed potatoes and a salad. Other people in our party ordered a steak, ribeye, ribs, chicken Alfredo and lemon pepper chicken. Everyone enjoyed their meal! Our waitress, Jodi, was friendly and quick when it came to serving our table! She brought out warm rolls and butter before our meals - and they were delicious! We all said that we would definitely go back here for another meal.
Four stars.There were so many people and we waited for a long time. All of us were very hungry but what we can do is wait... Finally the food were served, luckily the food were delicious. The waiters are friendly too. Next time must have a reservation in advance.
This has been on my bucket list for a while. I came here for restaurant week. My husband called for a reservation and we got sat right away. We were near a window which was nice. The server was friendly. I got the tots and my husband got the mussels. Both were delicious. After we got our appetizers, we waited a good 40 mins for our entrees. The server told us that the kitchen was backed up and apologized. No biggie. But when we got served our food, it was two completely different dishes. I got the meatball orzo and my hubs got the snapper. We were served chicken and something else. We told him it wasn't our order and the server looked confused. He took the food back and we waited again for our food. We were done eating our appetizers and saw a couple get sat. They got their appetizers and entrees all while we were waiting on our food. We finally got our food. We were both happy with our orders. The meatballs were delicious and soft. The orzo was cooked really well. My husband's snapper was very fresh and tasty. Since we were there for a long time we decided to get our desserts to go. The server said he was sorry again for the confusion and the comped our appetizers. We got the check and saw that the order was put in wrong that's why we waited so long. Overall, it was a good experience. The food made up for it. We would definitely come back to try their regular menu.
I moved to Scottsdale a year ago from the midwest and have been to Geisha at least a dozen times, all during happy hour. The drink and food specials are awesome so even if it's really busy I don't get too cranky about it.The only day that's been really tough is Friday - between 5 and 7 it's packed and sometimes the service gets a little sluggish. I don't blame the wait staff, they're all hustling, it's just that the bar is slammed. Honestly, I normally just double up on my drink order instead of running dry... it might not be the classiest method, but it works.LOVE the Vegetable Gyoza and the Phat Daddy roll. Totally recommend their flavored sake and the Harajuku Lover.Also, I've heard that karaoke here is a blast, but I haven't done it yet.
Although this is a banquet hall, they do afternoon dim sum, a trandition for the local Chinese family. Now, this is  good dim sum, I know it because I'm chinese :) The dim sum here are very tranditional and nicely done. Hg and sm is nicely done. The only complain, no early bird discount.
I have been here countless time for the laid back atmosphere, close proximity  and interesting menu options.  I agree with some of the reviewers here about the service.  75% of my experience with the service has been great, and 25% mediocre to bad.  Would love to see the restaurant be more consistent.  That being said, my server yesterday was absolutely lovely.I decided to review today because I just reheated the meatball dish I purchased from Frans yesterday.  BEST MEATBALLS IVE EVER HAD!  The marinarra sauce is unique - slightly lemony with garlic and lots of flavor.  Meatballs are cooked well and have just the right consistency.   Order & try for yourself.
Dropped by with a friend of mine for lunch. Decent food for price. I tried the taco salad and the burrito, both were pretty good.
Giordano's is a great Italian/Chicago style restaurant that I highly recommend! The negative reviews on this place's wait times and busyness should not count against it. This restaurant just opened no more than 5 months ago, it is located on the busy P83 strip with tons of people and near the Arrowhead Mall, and is only a moderate sized restaurant.      When my husband and I first arrived we heard the wait was almost 2 hours but for a party of 5+ - for just me and my husband we were sat right away. Large families/parties need to realize that places that have just opened up are going to be super busy and have long wait times - its common sense. We sat at a small side table and were not too shocked at how busy and compacted everyone was. We expected it and were happy to see all the buzz around the place. Our waiter got our drinks immediately and walked us through the menu. He warned us about a large party that had just arrived and that we needed to put any pizza order in soon other wise it would be over an hour wait for a Chicago style pizza.      My husband and I wanted to go a different route and ordered a pasta and sandwich instead. The wait time on the pizza was not a negative strike to us - we knew hand making a pizza from scratch takes time and we were more interested in the other dishes anyways. My husband ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich and I ordered the Marinara Spaghetti while we shared the Giordano's Sampler. The food was FANTASTIC and i'll be posting pictures of it too. It was rich and flavorful with a real taste of care and love. The only negative part of the meal was that everything came out all together and quite quickly. I believe my husband and I waited just over 10 minutes to get our appetizers, salads, and entrees. Our table almost couldn't fit it all. I ended up having to not finish my salad because I did not want my entree to get cold.      Other than that my husband and I had a great meal and really enjoyed the atmosphere. We also appreciated our waiter and his thoughts in items on the menu that were best for us and our time frame. I will definitely be back to have more from this delicious establishment - but with a party no larger than 3 I think for the next few months.
We joke that the best food in Madison is Japanese, and Muramoto is consistently our favorite go-to restaurant in Madison, especially for the lunch specials. We tend to stick to the special rolls, so can't comment on entrees. Ambiance is nice but not stuffy, and service has been consistently good. Waitstaff have always been friendly and accommodating, though we tend to go at non-peak times. A note to first-timers who rarely frequent Hilldale -- trust your GPS, the place is actually there! It's just that the exterior is so minimalistic that you will probably miss it unless you walk past it at least once.
Had the Sausage Penne. Was very good. Had enough meat which a lot of these places like to skip out on so I was impressed. Staff was pleasent and everyone in our group of 20 was happy when they were done so I would say there are very good with groups.
Loved this place. Is beautiful and fun. I like a lot the decor. Service is very attentive. Even when we went on another night for a soda when almost were closed.The food is very very good! We didn't wait for a table because we had reservations. I think you should go well dressed.
I finally move away from the West Valley and the coolest sushi joint opens up!I come out every now and then for the reverse happy hour because its is cheap! Everything is less than $5 and the sake bomber is $6.50. Not bad. What did I eat tonight?- Blue Flame roll- Baked mussels- Japanese Dynamite salad- Spicy tuna roll- Spicy Salmon roll- Salmon Skin rollI really like the friendly staff, I wish there were more to move the service along but that is really my only complaint. The food was amazing and done right. The fish was fresh and the rolls and I love the pickled ginger. Not that fake pink stuff.. the real deal. So fresh.
TLDR: Great spot for a slice of late night pizza on De la Montagne just under St. Catherine. Pizza Chez Danny makes tasty pizza that will squash your late night craving. The crust is thin and crisp on the bottom, but soft on top. The addition of sesame seeds on the top adds a delicious nuttiness to every bite of the sweet crust. The mixed cheese of the simple cheese pizza melts into yummy goodness and sits on a light dose of tomato sauce. With tax, the slice came out to around $3, and it was delicious. I definitely recommend this place for your Americanized pizza itch.
I wanted a perfect diva on a budget place to stay for my birthday weekend and once I saw a picture of Flamingo's new black & pink rooms, I knew this was it.This was one of the cheapest places we could find and the location is PERFECT center strip.The outdoor pool area isn't super fancy but it's nice and wasn't insanely crowded.The rooms are average size but very classy with pink & black decor and black hardwood floors. It was a really fun place to hang out.I would definitely stay here again!
To be honest this review may be a little impartial only because Santa Fe Station is my favorite Station casino to visit. It's not the closest one to where I live or even one I frequent that often but this theater certainly makes it so. First the up-charge for 3-D is only three bucks instead of the usual five I've been paying elsewhere. Second the snack area is just awesome, no other theater I've been to has a Starbucks coffee, hand scooped ice cream, and a cafeteria style check out. I went here today on a semi-date with my husband. (While we were here together and at the same time, we were in different theaters, watching different movies.) Buying tickets I saw the best thing ever. A movie style poster stating that kids under six will not be permitted to go into rated R movies after 6PM. OMG jerks who bring their kids to inappropriate movies and let them ruin it by yelling and not removing them when they get loud is one of my biggest pet peeves. Knowing that I can go here and not have to put up with that crap will keep bringing me back. LOVE IT!!!
Had some time to grab dinner before heading to the AURA evening light show at the Basilica Notre-Dame last Wednesday, so we walked around Old Montreal and found Tapas 24. It was a little before 6pm, so not crowded at all. We were seated immediately. Interior is very modern looking. Staff is bilingual, pleasant and the restaurant accepts credit cards.The four dishes we ordered we enough to fill two people up. Unfortunately, I can't remember the exact names of the dishes, so you'll have to enjoy the photos below, but the food was good! I would recommend if you are in Old Montreal.
Kiosk style multi tap bar/area. Its a nice place to walk up and grap a beer. Whats nice is that a lot of the beer is craft. Way better than $8 Budweiser around the corner. Very convenient stopping point, no real vibe.
Only absolutely Lovely things to say about LOV! This place has the feels... you know the feels, when you need a bohemian, tropical vibe on a freezing Montreal day, yeah, those feels! The inside is super tropical, yet minimalist and clean. I'm talking clean lines, white on green on pale green. It is a floral masterpiece. There is ample seating, you would never guess from the way it is tucked into a quiet part of bustling downtown Montreal that it would be so SPACIOUS! This is a great place for groups. The food was delicious as well! I'm always in the mood for a delicious vegetarian meal, and this menu has been curated well. I met my buddy from Austin for a light dinner on a Tuesday evening. I started with a Mango/ turmeric lasso- which I'll admit was my least favorite part- WAY too much turmeric and not enough mango flavor. We had the quinoa fritters to start which were absolutely delicious! I need to learn how to make these. I had the LOV Burger with onion rings and loved every bit of it. My partner and buddy ordered two very good dishes, one was a zucchini squash dish that I don't see on the menu and I can't remember the other one. The food is what knocks this rating down a star. While my burger had no faults, the other two dishes didn't wow anybody. Still willing to go back here with some of my vegan/ veggie friends who visit Montreal.
I love their cinnamon crunch bagel and soon to try the chicken salad sandwich. so fresh and inexpensive.
I have been wanting to try The Arrogant Butcher for a while.  I heard good things but the reviews are mixed.  The service was excellent but the food was about average.  I would go back, because it is close to Chase Field, but with lower food expectations.
Before you eat here you have to know that this restaurant has been around for 37 YEARS! That is amazing for any restaurant. Restaurants come and go, but this one has stood the test of time...and you"ll definitely notice that the decor, although clean and super comfortable, is understatedly retro.I liked the vibe here. There's a fair sized restaurant area and a large lounge with a cozy brick fireplace. It's usually packed Friday and Saturday nights.The owner's son played with the Calgary Stampeders once upon a time, so there's lots of Stampeder memorabilia. It wouldn't be completely unrealistic to see some football players digging into some steaks while you're eating. My friends and I had pizza, Greek salad and Caesar salad. The Greek Salad was delicious and had some bonus creaminess to it. The Caesar (large) was nice and garlicky and came with a generous side of garlic toast.We had the Ambrosia pizza (think spinach, artichoke hearts  feta) and the Athenian pizza (think feta and olives). Both had toppings that blended together in the most amazing way! I would order both again.Service was great - attentive, polite and friendly.This restaurant has a solid menu; is comfortable and laid back; and has some friendly employees who obviously enjoy what they do.
I love Red Velvet Cafe so was extremely happy to hear about this location opening up.  It offers up another lunch choice for those of us downtown.  Parking is easy and the cafe is right near the front entrance.  It's more of a take out place with some seating outside and weather permitting that's a great option.   My only complaint for this visit would be my cookies were a tad hard.  Not sure if that's because this location doesn't get as busy as the others so they keep them on hand an additional day or two or what but because I love this place and their desserts so much they get a pass this time.
Very nice.   This place rocks.  Great soup.   Spring rolls    Pho GA      was fabulous.  It's authentic with great service.    Love it.
Great little place.  Excellent Pho and egg rolls.  Service was prompt and helpful.  Will return next time I'm in Goodyear.
Food, ambience are both excellent. But i have to give 1 less star for the service. It's not very full when we visited but it took a while before a server get our order. Some waiters seems to be rushed. Well, but we will still be coming back for the food. I will still highly recommend this place.
We love staying at the Flaming Hotel. It's nice and no one tries to knock down the door at 8am trying to get into clean. The only issues I had were: no "Do Not Disturb" sign (had to make our own), they did not resupply us with clean glasses, no free WIFI, and no pen or notepad to write on. Other than those three, we had a nice stay. Hopefully we can stay an extra day to enjoy the pool area.
This was a fun place! The buffet had a lot to offer. They don't have very good sushi and I couldn't wrap my head around all of it sitting out for a long period of them, but everything else was great! There was just about any item you could find at a Chinese restaurant on buffet and there was also a hibachi which was cool. You are only asked to take what you'll eat and you'll be charged extra for tossing food which is an amazing idea! We are all too wasteful in general. The pricing was a little deceptive. They asked what we would like to drink assuming it was included in the buffet, but it was not. So expect another $3/drink.
Love Black Bear diner! Big portions of rib sticking food. This particular location has some service issues with their older servers. Forgetful of many things like coffee, coffee creamers, extra water, sides etc, on more than a few visits day/night. Some have  a bit of that Midwest "Flo" diner waitress (for way too long) attitude. Food-wise, the hash browns have been undercooked on more than one occasion and the gravy tends to be a bit cold. Music is a little loud for the space as well. I'll still be a regular however!
My husband and I came in here for a quick bite before going in the Michael Jackson One show that he surprised me with for our anniversary. We came in right when it opened so it wasn't busy. Pretty comfortable, modern, ambience. I eat pretty much vegan style so I asked the waitress about vegan options. She recommended the hummus platter & also they can alter anything on the menu to make it vegan like eliminating any cheese or dairy in a dish etc. I ended up ordering the broccoli appetizer & hummus platter which tasted really good. My husband got the pretzel without cheese but they still put out a side of cheese just in case lol We also ordered a flat bread with tomato sauce, mushrooms & olives & potato dish. We got the hummus platter & pretzel & got full so fast. Between the two of us, we are lightweight consumers.It was taking quite awhile to get the other dishes so luckily as we were waiting, my husband brought a lil medical mj chocolate bar from the dispensary the other day to hold him off. While we waited, we ended up getting full. The restaurant started filling up & our view of the basketball game that was blocked.  The waitress finally came out & said that the potato dish we ordered comes with butter & asked if he still wanted it & we were like no thank you. She should have asked us that when she took our order but at the same time we were actually relieved because we were already full. I asked about the other dish & she said it was coming out soon. Everything was pretty good there. The service was just a bit slow but maybe she was having a bad day or because it looked like business was starting to pick up.Despite the slow service, I would come back again because everything was pretty flavorful.
Love the fish tacos and great Noda atmosphere.
Wanted to try a new place for Pho Thai and found this on yelp. Ordered the Pho Thai, Spring Rolls and a strawberry banana shake. The food is good but the service is lacking. Has to ask 2x for drinks to be refilled and also request our check. Very quiet place, not many customers. The food is good just not sure how long they will be around. They are currently providing a 50% discount on all food items. I asked if this was a Friday special  the response was no we are doing this for the next 2weeks. Thought it was a little weird? May go back just for the value!
Four stars because this place is an institution.  Not just fries, but a BAG of fries.  Be prepared to share with everyone you know and even someone you don't know.  The pizzas also aren't bad, especially for the price, but late at night, be prepared to wait awhile while all the other drunken patrons are getting their own food.  Oh, the store is not the best place to actually eat you food, but just take it home and start that second party.
Sooo yummy, a little high in price but it's worth it. The food is always fresh & fast. The decor makes me feel like I'm not in AZ anymore :)
This dessert place has been on my radar for quite some time now. I've always wanted to try the baked Alaska and the soufle! My boyfriend and I came to the cafe on a random Wednesday night around 9pm. The cafe wasn't too busy, they had about a couple customers. The baked Alaska and the soufle is made to order so it's dine in only. I love merginue a lot so getting hazelnut ice cream in the middle was a nice surprise. The baked Alaska was delicious.. I would it it 7/10. The vanilla soufle was nice and fluffy but nothing too special. For my next visit, I do want to try the take out stuff to try. My dessert craving was satisfied and I would definitely come back again!
Good Thursday night bikes welcome and try the Mad Cow best burger ever. Bathrooms are not in good shape can be a little stinky no worse then some of the Tempe Bars. Realy good spot to start out and finish up at on rides.
I have no idea of the history of this place, but it has one. They also use the same sourdough starter for the pizzas for about 50 years. The waitress explained this too me, but all i know is the pizza turned out pretty good. Our version had giant pieces of pepperoni, a dabble of grilled jalapeno and purple onion. This not really NY style as I was barely able to fold the thing, but it was all about that sourdough crust. In a surprise though, the pizza did not taste good reheated. Another surprise was the "check in" on facebook and get an order of chicken tenders for $2. These were small, hot and crunchy little tenders which were quite good. They have an upstairs with games and of course all the funky stuff is fun to check out. Half the patio is covered also, so that is a good thing.
Great appetizers, and good pescetarian options, nice value. Plus the deserts are super bomb. Service left something to be desired.
Bought a slice of rhubarb pie and a nanaimo bar...DEELISH!I also tried a bit of my friend's chocolate pecan shortbread and man...that was good too.  Their pastries are very well worth their price and sometimes you can even find end of the day daily specials!  Unlike a lot of bakeries that make sweet baked goods, they add just the right amount of sugar - not too sweet but not bland either. I will definitely stop by this bakery every time I am in the Kensington Market area!
Good off the strip spot for brunch without the wait.  Well, still a wait, but pretty short and our group went down for a cocktail at Oak and Ivy they gave us a discount for.  My Beef hash was the best dish, chicken and Waffles had good chicken, but the waffle was a little soft and there was nothing to go with it like a veggie or fruit to be seen.  But $15 bottomless mimosas/bloody mary's is the proper way to start a vegas saturday.
I love World Market for the wines, snacks, and kitchen items.  There's something about the smell of Bali-made wood and furniture that makes me excited to be shopping there.  Most of my snacks are from this place, and I always seem to buy more than I need every time I walk through the doors of a World Market.  If you're looking for cute tea pots, nice wines, and a stick of salami, drive to a World Market.
I'm always wary about switching to a new hair stylist because it's so easy for your "just a trim" to turn into several inches of missing hair. However, after moving to Toronto I knew I would have to take the leap and find a new stylist, and after reading good reviews for this salon I decided to give it a try.I was booked with Effie for a haircut, and she was very professional and easy to talk to and joke with from the moment I walked in. She offered me a tea or coffee and we went over what I wanted with my hair, and she did a fabulous job! I have very thick hair and I felt like I lost 5 lbs after she was done thinning it. I'm also not usually a fan of how my hair is styled after the cut, but she made it look amazing and I was kind of sad I didn't have any plans after my appointment to show it off.The best part is their complimentary bang trims between cuts - they encourage you to come back every 2 weeks and always seem to have time to get someone to trim them right away, so I never feel like I have to deal with bangs in my eyes or have to cut them myself between appointments.
Four stars for their food! I've been to Beijing Noodle 9 a handful of times and haven't been disappointed with their food. I've ordered appetizers to noodles and rice dishes to take out only and my food expectations were met each time.  One star for their service! I understand Chinese folks aren't the warmest and fuzziest..I'm Chinese myself and know that service is not something our culture strive on. However, being that this restaurant is part of Caesar Palace's restaurants, I had higher expectations that their wait staff and front end staff would provide a nicer dining experience. I was wrong. The hostess, a young Chinese gal appeared to hate her job. As the hostess, I would imagine someone who at the very least says hi or greets the customer in some fashion with maybe, just maybe a smile. No, not this one. She appeared upset and just not happy overall. People leaving would say good bye and she would look at them and look away without a response. So odd, so weird, so unhappy, so she should probably get another job outside of the hospitality industry.Waitstaff are rude and seems bothered when you ask for hot chili sauce, give you the side eye when you ask for a hot water refill for your teapot.It won't stop us from going back though because the food is good even though service sucks, it's tolerable.
Great tasting Diablitos!!! I always come here for a Diablito because they make it exactly how I like it. I recommend coming in the morning/afternoon and when it's not so busy because that is when they make it absolutely perfect. The only thing I don't like is that they are a bit rude. I know little Spanish and the little Spanish I do know I try to use and explain what I want. The cashier just looked at me ugly and told me "que?" Not even bothering to help me out or speak even one word in English for me. Other than that the food and drinks are great
Gorgeous hotel! Make sure you get a suit with either a strip view or pool view- totally worth it. The pool is nice but get there earlier to reserve you space. The food options aren't that good but you're on the Vegas Strip and you're surrounded by food places. The casino is big and yes it smells like smoke. Many amenities in the hotel. Great location very close to Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, and Paris.
Had a very good experience here. Next to great. A small quaint restaurant with maybe 12 tables. The food was outstanding and the young lady that served us was great.The only thing I would have liked mote was a bit more variety perhaps... and the only reason I could use more variety was because the food is so good I'd like to come back for more, but to eat something different. Most of the entrees on the menu contain familiars such as quesadilla, burrito, fajitas, tacos, enchiladas, and a few more classic Mexican entrees. All in all, great place, really good food and a very traditional feel.Would highly recommend it.
Two of the three flavors of gelato we got (Salted Caramel and Chocolate Hazelnut) were excellent. I regretted ordering the Vanilla; it was quite mediocre and tasted freezer-burned. However, the place looks promising. Some other people ordered these cool-looking, fancy gelato cones with cookies stuck in them. I was jealous! I'd go back for sure and next time I'm getting one of those cone thingies!
Tonight I had an excellent meal at Bandera.The jalapeo queso dip appetizer was quite tasty.  My rotisserie chicken sandwich was the best chicken sandwich I've ever eaten. The chicken was tender, the cheese was melted yet still flavorful and the bun complemented the flavors as opposed to just being filler.It was my first time visiting the restaurant and I was unaware that it was part of a chain. I think that speaks volumes about the establishment right there. I'm rating Bandera four stars instead of five because the prices were rather high for the size of the portions. That being said, the portions were what I would call "a good size" compared to say, Claim Jumper which has portions that are too large. Further, I think that Bandera could use a larger selection of beers and mixed drinks. Bandera was packed, something that surprised me for a Thursday night, and while I was able to get a table for two almost immediately, the background din made it difficult to hold a conversation or even clearly hear the server. I enjoyed the darker candle and track-lighting lit atmosphere, but it might be a turn off for some.I'm definitely going back to Bandera, but next time I'll be prepared and not wear a ball cap, as they aren't allowed in the dining room. ;-)
When I first when to this place, I couldn't find it. I thought I went to the wrong street but I checked the address and my map location and apparently it was supposed to be in front of me. What I saw was Valens restaurant and wondered if the place had closed down without notice. Apparently it's the same place but called two different names?  Anyway, I wasted about 20 mins bc of the name discrepancy.The service, food and atmosphere was great. Water is always being refilled, and food was brought to our table in a timely manner. Although it's a rather small place, a reservation should do the job--we had 20 people come for our reservation!There's quite a selection to choose from. It's also vegetarian and vegan friendly. It was nice to hear them clarify whether the vegetarian dish was to be made vegan.I liked the bread they served at the beginning. It was very soft and not chewy at all! For my main meal, I got the frutti de mare. For the price, the portion was fair. I love seafood, so I quite enjoyed the dish. Sometimes there's too much tomato taste at other places, but the seasoning and sauce was done wonderfully here.Overall, the food is good. The place is hard to find, but it all worked out in the end. :p
We decided to try out Joey Crowfoot.  We haven't eaten here for a long time.  Service was pretty good.  We ordered the following:Mushroom Cheddar Burger with added Beach Salad - Really, juicy burger and that beach salad - so refreshing!Blackened Basa Fish Dinner - really tasty basa meal; spice was just right!Bombay Butter Chicken - great bowl of butter chicken with carrots, basmati rice on a small banana leaf, papadum.  Great blend of everything.Sicilian Shrimp Linguine - Soooooo delicious!  It's a pesto sauce of pine nuts, currants, and all kinds of good stuff,   Lots of baby shrimp but done really well.I'd come back just for the Siciilian Shrimp Linguine!!
Came here as a double date after a Jay's game. Our good friend had made a reservation as he knew we loved our meat. We were greeted and sat right away by the window which was nice. I have to start by saying our service all night was exceptional, our waiter explained everything on the menu to us, our drinks were never empty  and our server was extremely attentive. We started off with the charcuterie board, it was really nice, a good selection of meat and some killer mustard. We decided to share some apps, the burrata with asparagus and ramp pesto, the grilled octopus and the crispy pigs ears. The ears weren't my deal but the burrata was killer, so creamy and the pesto was delishhhh. Now for the main event...the bestellen burger.... I have dreams about this burger. Dear lawd it is killllerrrrr. One of the best burger I've ever had in my life, yup I said it and it's true. The sharp raclette cheese, the sweet caramelized onions on a freshly made (like 3 hours earlier according to the server) brioche bun. I can't even tell you what my husband or friends had because I was too busy eating. If you go to bestellen get the burger. We finished off with the panna cotta and something with chocolate. They both rocked. On the way out we were lucky enough to run into owner rob rossi (although I didn't know he was a famous food network star!). He was very nice and ensured we had a great time. Overall great meal! Price could be an issue for some but for a special occasion bestellen measures up.
I came here for Cleveland Independents Restaurant Week. It was a good deal for the money (I had plenty to take home because it was a lot of food!), though I don't think that the quality of the food measures up to that of other restaurants in the area. Maybe the other (non-restaurant week) options would be better.
If Mickies was not on campus I am not sure if it would make it like it does but it fits perfectly into student world. Huge mounds of food for cheap and seat yourself atmosphere that makes this place feel perfect for any poor college student or alum who wants to pretend they are still in school. The fact that they do not take credit cards is a pain but only adds to the feel of the place. Somehow it all feels right at Mickies.
Pretty delish burgers, prepared so many different ways and with so many different toppings... Great fries as well.Even bigger bonus is gluten free buns are available! Will be back when I'm craving a burger
One of my favorite places to be in the GTA!  EC has tons of shops spread out over three floors for all tastes and styles.  A well represented food court for that quick bite to eat.  Convenient location to other major attractions in TO.  I would agree with others suggestions when taking the subway and use Queens, but hell I have made the walk from the Hockey Hall of Fame on a nice day!  Overall this center is clean and full of excitement!  If your in the GTA make it a point to stop by.
Prima Adresse,m um in kanada zum Friseur zu gehen. Der Salon ist über mehrere Etagen angelegt und die Stylisten sind hilfsbereit, gut qualifiziert und top stylisch - postiv gemeint!Leider sind die Preise hier etwas höher als in Deutschland - dafü weiß man jedoch, dass es kein Missgriff ist! Wenn man öfters hier ist, bietet sich auch an, ein Kundendatei erstellen zu lassen. Dann gibt es Vergünstigungen etc
All hail the Pink Taco!This is a great place to go with the girls.  That said, there were also a few bachelor parties here.  Everything is hot pink, even the menus!  The food is yummy- my roomates and I ordered appetizers and drinks here.  Everything we had was amazing.  Service was also really good. Definitely worth the cab fare off the strip to eat here.
Can be pretty pricey but they have coupons!! Location:Located in a shopping plaza. Lots of storesParking:Dude, it's a plaza in the suburbs. There are more parking spaces than people shopping. Go on and leave the bus pass at home!  Note: close to a viva stop if you insist on busing itGoods:Lots of crafting things. I'm not a big crafter, I do yarn stuff but this place makes me want to do crafts. But I'm too lazy. Store:They've just moved shelves around after 20 years. Looks good!Staff: Nice enough, they spend a lot of time straightening p the store so it's always nice and tidy!!Cost:Get the online coupon. Save some $$, it can be pricey.
Finally made my visit to Tacos Huicho as my ongoing trek for the best tacos in Arizona continues. Read good reviews by fellow yelpers of this place. I believe they just renovated the dining area as I did not see the broken chairs, sticky tiles, nor limited seating that some yelpers experienced. I was introduced to laminate flooring, new chairs, and fresh smell of paint. Also the fact that they were repairing the bathrooms during business hours was quite frank as you can hear the workers drilling away (it was really loud, quick tip may want to compete repairs before or after business hours). Now to the tacos, they were above average at best as nothing spectacular about it: cabeza, pastor, longaniza, and tripa. There was no salsa bar described by others but bottles of there salsa itself. I gave it an extra star as the price cannot be beat, $1.10 for the three tacos for tacos Tuesday special and $1.50 for the tripa taco! I believe all tacos are $1.50 on a regular day. Total paid was $4.90 for four tacos, which is unheard of nowadays as most tacos shops charge at least $2 per taco. You get more variety here and bang for your buck. Though it won't hit my top 10 tacos shops here in AZ, it definitely lands within the Top 20. I shall come back again and try the rest of their listed tacos!
First time here and not disappointed at all. Decor is rustic and well put together. Eager and friendly staff. Prices are so reasonable. Pours from 6 ounces and up. Dark Star Rises is a porter with roasted coffee from Allegheny Tea and Coffee Exchange. So good! They also carry the Pina Colada mead from Apis; sweet and refreshing. Brain Bucket and Gunga Galunga are also delish. No food this visit but definitely next time around.
I was delightfully surprised with how good Burgatory was. I went there with a fear that I was in for a Red Robin'esq experience, over priced mediocre burgers, cheesy restaurant design, and tons of gimmicks. Fortunately Burgatory was as far from this as possible. The burgers were fantastic and I loved the build your own burger check list concept. I can't wait to come back and try another creation. Just to give an idea of what you can expect to spend, a "build your own burger" and a Yuengling was about $13. Also if you are getting there during the dinner rush expect a 30-45 minute wait, fortunately there are plenty of things to keep you occupied near by. We went to Uncle Sam's Subs and had a beer while we waited.
Now a Close out King.  Great stuff and prices.  Well organised.
My mom has been dying to check out Cabo Wabo for while because she loves Sammy Haggar! It was much better than we expected being a chain and after reading all of the negative reviews. It really exceeded our expectations. We started with the house margarita and they were delicious and strong. Probably better than any margarita I've had. I went with the shrimp tacos and they were really good, they also came with rice and beans. The whole meal was really filling. The pork tacos are also worth a mention if swine is your thing. If you're gonna try one thing, try the chimichangas. They were on the 'specials' menu that day and had beef and queso cheese, I'm craving these right now! The service left a little to be desired and I wish that chips and salsa were complimentary (they are $3). All in all I would definitely check this place out if you love tequila, Mexican, or Sammy Haggar. You also have a great view of the Bellagio fountains if you sit on the patio.
Love this place. Mainly because the staff is friendly, a rare quality in Asian restaurants. Pho is good. I usually have rare and well done beef. I have tried rice with pork and chicken. The meat is flavor full. Missing one star cause decor is basic and bathroom is not so good.
I think the low scores are here because this place is great at making only one thing on their menu. that item is the  teriyaki bowls, their other menu items not so good.People LOVE the teriyaki bowls here, just don't order the menu items cause well they suck.
Delicious fresh food, courteous service and great coffee.....will definitely go again
We ordered the following for delivery:-Wonton soup(small). -Beef broccoli combination with house fried rice.-Chicken teriyaki(small). -Vegetable Lo mein(extra vegetable)-large. -Vegetable rolls. -Szechuan pork (small). Restaurant was smart enough to create vent holes on the lids of the takeout boxes so the condensation doesn't drip into the food during delivery-Thanks Chop chop. Delivery time was said to be 45 minutes. Food arrived in less than 30 minutes. All the food was fresh (not over cooked), delicious and the quantities were very abundant for being small (please see posted pictures for food quality and appearance). All this, under $50.00. Can't beat that. And to top it off, the delivery driver was polite and courteous.I give them a 4.0 for their food and 4.5 for their service.
Disliked the calamari...way too heavy on the deep fry. With mayo? I like traditional asian calamari. The spring rolls were great :)
Really tasty tacos, with a great selection of salsas. The place was more "fast food" of an atmosphere than I was expecting. The price seemed like a good value (5 tacos for$7), but the meal was not very filling which kind of ruined it for me. I felt like it should have come with chips or beans or something. The portion was my only complaint.
Great dinner last night. Good atmosphere, friendly staff, and the enchiladas where excellent! You would think that good Mexican food would be easy to find in this city, but it's not! I've been here several times and I've  always had the same good experience. I will definitely be back.
We went here for my bachelor party. I wasn't drunk when I ate, so I can say that I'm able to write an honest review.I ordered the dry aged NY sirloin. The portions are huge, and it was cooked perfectly. I tried my friend's porterhouse, and that was even larger, but well cooked. We ordered some sides, including mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and mac & cheese. Overall, service was really good as well.If you want to finish your steak comfortably, I recommend skipping the bread they give you at the beginning.By the way, we ate in the other room, and it was all guys - not a single girl in the room. I wonder if that's the all guys' party room.
This is a beautiful store! It is small, but it is like a little jewel box. The service is friendly and the selections are really nice - lots of great DVF and marc. The beauty area is lovely and the perfume counter is amazing. It is small, but, for once, the people working the counter actually know a lot about fragrances! For a perfume junkie like me, this is so much better than the usual perfume counter experience!The alterations department is also great. I am a short girl, so it is always important to know about this kinda stuff. They actually altered my wedding dress, which was a designer dress from another Saks location, and did a great job creating a train and taking it in - all in one fitting (I was a bit late...). And, the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)
This is definitely one of our favorite places to grab a drink and enjoy the strip in a sunny location. We've been here on a nice, hot day and a nice, super windy day. View is great. There's lots of seating. However when it's windy, it's super windy up there. Loaded tots were delicious. Drink sélection is good. You have to ask for refills for soda but overall a good experience.
Pizza was pretty authentic, I am a New Yorker so always looking for good pizza. Also, tried the cannoli and it was awesome.
During the weekend, please try to arrive before 11 AM to avoid long line ups, other than that their dim sum food items are recommended. The waiters/waitresses are kind, attentive and speak decent English. This place doesn't have the usual carts going around the restaurant looking for potential victims, I mean customers who would like food items in their cart. It is just filling in the paper order, handing it over to staff, and the agony of waiting and guessing of which food you ordered comes first. The food items we ordered were:-Lo mai gai, steamed sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf (sticky rice, chinese sausage, abalone sauce, and a quarter size egg yolk)-Shumai, steamed pork, and mushroom with shrimp on top (Use chilli oil for flavour and heat)-Jiaozi, pan fried version of dumplings (It's fried, and the dumpling wrap is a little on thick side which is common, it ain't wonton style)-Schezuan eggplant with fried pork rice vermicelli (You will like it because it's schezuan, but you can ask to make it more spicy)-Cha siu bao, steamed pork buns (2-3 bite size porky buns with pillow like texture)-Zhaliang, fried dough wrapped in rice noodle (again it's fried dough; comes with 3 sauces, soy sauce, sesame seed, hoisin sauce)All of these food items above are recommended even for first time dim sum goer. A small tip, the stars that each food items in the order menu are based on price (higher is more expensive), not ratings or recommendations.
3.5 stars Kind of hard to access their parking lot if you're not familiar. Came during lunch on a Friday, it seemed busy but not too busy. There's indoor and outdoor seating available. You order up front and your food is brought to your table. The line to order moved fairly quickly and we got our food in less than 10 minutes. We ordered two lamb/beef gyro combos (side & drink) with feta fries ($.50 extra) for about $25. The gyros had lettuce, tomato, red onion, tzatziki sauce, and feta cheese... A LOT of feta cheese. The gyro meat was moist and had good flavor. It was also sliced thicker than I'm used to. The gyros also came with a couple of small pepperoncini peppers.The feta fries were tasty; battered fries covered in feta and another white cheese (mozzarella?). They were pretty garlicky as well. I wasn't even able to put a dent in the pile of fries as the gyro had me stuffed. The food was solid, but nothing absolutely amazing. That being said, I would come back if I was in the area or if a companion wanted to go.
I stop by Nami every single time I eat at Green next door. I have had about 5 of their baked goods. My favorite is the Lavender Cookies (light and yummy!) and my second favorite is their Pumpkin Pie (flaky and just enough sweetness). The ones I didn't like was the white chocolate Gluten Free Cookies because they were super hard and too sweet. The compost bar was suuuuuuper sweet. If you like sweet, than I recommend these, but it was too sweet for me. Of course the Tsoynami(s) are crazy good. Surprisingly, the peanut butter/chocolate is simple, but delish! I love the Almond Quixote! They are kind of big for me, so I always share with a friend. The most exciting part is that EVERYTHING is VEGAN! That is the best part since I am vegan. I am so happy that they opened this in Phoenix. The decor is super modern and neat. I love chillin' with my friends and hanging out here. I am going again soon!
I like going to this place because it is close to work and rarely busy.  The people are nice and they do a decent job!
Came here for my billiards league and found out the food was awesome! Pool tables were crappy and the place is really smokey. The reason for the 4 stars is that I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was the best one I've ever had!
So this is Bobby Flay's restaurant so I expected high prices and good food and I got both. Everything I ate was delicious, from the array of rolls/breads to potent spirits. A couple of people ordered the shrimp appetizer. Delicious would be an understatment. For the meal a couple of us had the pork, one person got the steak and I had the Halibut. I tasted all of the meals and they were awesome. Worth the price. You are in Vegas, so you have to splurge a bit!
They're new and a breathe of fresh air. Very nice ambience and the waitress is courteous and helpful.  The food is delcious too.  The meat was not too crisp and not too tender but just right. We liked it so much, we even took a lot of it to go. I couldn't stop eating it afterwards.  It's a Halal restaurant so I hope they don't get a liquor license.  Then they will have many many Muslims in the area come over for feast. They deserve to be recognized.  My only regret is I didnt book my birthday dinner with friends here instead of the hakka restaurant a few doors down which was an epic fail this time.
**Review for Taco Tuesdays**When people ask me where to go for Taco Tuesday, I always recommend Kennedy's. They are usually skeptical but don't take my word for it- go! The tacos are delicious and they have drink specials as well. Tacos are $1 (or were the last time I went last fall). I've taken my massive dog here to sit out on the patio and the service for both human and pup has been phenomenal. Now, I've also known others who have gone and had slow service but that personally hasn't happened to me. Perhaps I eat earlier than normal? I usually go before 6:30 p.m. I love the outdoor area when the weather is nice. In fact, I've seen the inside but don't think I've ever eaten inside. That's how much I love hanging outside Kennedy's! I highly recommend this spot for an out of the box location for Taco Tuesday.
Cafe Zupas is a fast-casual restaurant that is new to Nevada, its first location is now open in Henderson near the shopping center at Richmar and Eastern. A second is coming soon to Summerlin. Cafe Zupas has had great success in Utah and Arizona. They offer homemade soups, freshly made salads, paninis, and gourmet sandwiches. I was fortunate to receive an invite to a VIP party that allowed Frank and I to sample various menu items. All guests were warmly welcomed and encouraged to sample the Try 2 Combo, which comes with a whole sandwich, half soup and half salad for $7.99. The Kid's Meal Combo is $3.99.Salads are made in front of you as you order, soups are made fresh daily in Cafe Zupas' kitchen, and sandwiches are fixed when you place your order. It is quite the assembly line. I chose the Tomato Basil soup with Orzo Pasta, topped with asiago cheese for .59, their signature salad Nuts About Berries and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini. Frank had the Yucatan Chicken Tortilla soup, the BBQ Chicken salad, and the the BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich. They got started on our orders right away, all components were added to our tray, we selected Brownies for dessert and our order came with Belgian Chocolate Covered Strawberries. By the time you pay your tab (ours was gratis on this visit), your order is complete and ready to be whisked away to a cozy table in the dining room.  We dug into the soups first, the Tortilla soup is fantastic and loaded with flavor. It was so tasty Frank devoured it before I could snap a photo. The Tomato Basil was good, but less of favorite. It's quite sweet and very heavy on basil flavor. I hear the Wild Mushroom Bisque is not to be missed so I'll try that one next time.Next, we tried the salads, I had the better of two with Nuts About Berries. It was loaded with fresh berries and topped with cinnamon almonds and lightly dressed with poppyseed dressing. It' a bit sweet, but not cloying so it was enjoyable. The BBQ Chicken salad was loaded with tomatoes, black beans, corn, olives, red onion and dressed with buttermilk ranch. What it lacked was BBQ chicken. There are ten other salads to choose from one is sure to strike your fancy.Unfortunately, the sandwiches were the weakest link. This is a shame because their Italian Ciabatta bread is really fresh and delicious. The BBQ Pulled Pork tasted more like honey mustard that BBQ. It wasn't a very hearty sandwich. Sadly, the turkey wasn't very good. It tasted like prepackaged deli meat. I prefer freshly sliced deli meats. I expected actual artichokes on the sandwich, but it was a spread. That was my mistake, the menu clearly states a three cheese artichoke spread. I overlooked it. Truly, the bread is so good, I'd try the gourmet sandwiches again. I'm interested in the Asian BBQ Pork and the Vegetarian.Dessert ended the meal on a pleasant note. I love Belgian Chocolate Dipped Strawberries so those alone wooed me, but the brownies were quite good and oh, so decadent. Gooey caramel and candy topped one and the other was more of a bar with coconut, nuts, chocolate and other goodness. The staff was incredibly friendly, they gave out dozens of prizes including water bottles and giftcards. Discounts and prizes will also be given out during their Grand Opening celebration on May 18. There are few places where a complete meal can be had for less than ten bucks, but it can be done at Cafe Zupas.
Attended the #nationaloysterday Oyster Tasting (with the drink pairing) at Walrus & the Pearl. My first time to DeSoto Central Market-- it's an awesome space with tons of potential. I wish it were busier!Our tasting was excellent. One-bite appetizer, first course, oyster course, and last course. Everything was super-fresh and absolutely delicious. The chef and shucker were really knowledgeable and fun. I would absolutely come back just for the oyster happy hour! (I also added pics, which speak for themselves.)Honestly, the only critique I would have is that the overall the service needs to work on its timing. I felt like diners at the tasting were often waiting around for the next plate to happen. Perhaps this is because it's still a relatively new space and is still working out the kinks. Thanks for a fun time :)
A call from tenants led me to research on YouTube on how to fix clogged kitchen sinks. Got my materials and started working on the pipes - trying to undo the p-trap joint.First of all - if it's not plastic its metal. If it's metal - it's super difficult to just unscrew even with a wrench or plier.  While doing so I noticed a leak from the sink drainer at the top. Now what I thought was a simple p-trap replacement to resolve a potential clog issue seemed like a much bigger job!So researched on Yelp and found E.H. Plumbing. Awesome reviews about service, response and pricing. Gave them a call and was immediately answered by Eric - mind you this is 10am on Friday morning. He gave me a lowdown on price to head over to the condo ~ $125 and then explained what I could be facing when it comes to fixing leaks and clogs for a kitchen sink.He got there in couple of hours as promised and inspected the pipes. Discussed it and by then I was determined to replace the metallic pipes with industry accepted plastic PVC. While he wasn't convinced that clog was due to pipes he did suggest replacement into plastic. So got his tools and eventually got all the pipes out. No way I could have accomplished that but he handled it very professionally and gave pointers along the way.Once the problem was identified to not be the pipes he attempted to snake the copper pipe running into the building. Source of issue was rusting of pipes in between the building. Anyway cleared the runs and put in the new pipes and now sink was clog free and draining as it should. Eric left right after the work and the total cost was about $200.During the midst of this the neighbors kitchen got flooded. Apparently the building had used a single line for two kitchens. So essentially my condo line met at a T-junction with the neighbors line and then we shared a single line after.Now here's where the 4 stars came into play for the review. Situation is while clog issue has been fixed with new pipes - can't really turn on sink without flooding neighbors floors. So called Eric and told him about the issue. Now he was great to have returned back to the condo after his other appointment but that's only because his other job was successful. Initially he forecasted waiting till Monday. That's a long time! Job is unfinished and I had already paid him!!Not sure if he would have come by as he did if his other appointment took longer than expected. That I felt was a slight snag in accountability. However - once he came by - isolated the issue and replaced the neighbors pipes under the sink that blew out for free! Overall great experience with Eric and E.H. Plumbing.  Will definitely use him again! Thank you Eric!
Yes, finally a Sushi Restaurant north of 64th Avenue north.  They are located across from Rona in Creekside this brand new location is just what the surrounding communities needed in the Sushi department.  We have been driving all the way down to Kensington in the past three years to get our Sushi fix so this addition to our local dining is very welcome.  My wife and I dined there with our two year old and it was a very pleasant experience.  The ambience is nice and includes a few classic Japanese style booths along with your regular booths and tables.  We ordered the Bento Box's and they were tasty and fresh.  The salad included the traditional ginger dressing, the miso had substance, the saki sushi (salmon) was fresh.  The ginger pork could have used some crispness and the gyoza was more pastry-like than is commonly served, but overall the food quality and flavour was excellent.  The service was also attentive and friendly including being very accomodating to our two year old with additional avacodo slices.  He enjoyed sitting in the Japanese booth and bopping to the background music.  We went around 1:30pm on a Saturday afternoon and replaced another family and saw one other take out order, so please add to their clientelle and visit Taiyo to keep good Sushi alive in north Calgary.
Great food, try the bourbon grilled chicken sandwich really good, and the big onion rings. Good service for lunch.
By far the best shawarma in Calgary. Chicken Shawarma is great, great price and very friendly staff
It's tough to measure Mexican food. But being it my first time in the west coast, all my friends emphasized that I must try the Mexican food. I was in Phoenix and we drove around for a Mexican restaurant that didn't have all the Yelp banter associated with it. So we found El Ranchero, which was previously "The Original...". We gave it a try. We ordered Carne Asada, chicken tacos and had some sweet rice milk drink that was out of this world. With the rice, beans, cheese, salad, the hot sauces and the flour tortillas, and for the $9 that I paid, I couldn't have picked a better authentic spot. P.S. Their jalapenos were OD spicy. Save your tongue for the food.
First time at this restaurant and I have wanted to try it based on recommendations from friends. Luckily, we got there just before they got real busy because they were extremely understaffed. People were getting angry with the long wait for their food which was not the fault of the waiters. Every single one of them were working their butts off!!! Even the guy seating people and running the register was cleaning tables in between customers with a smile on his face. I was very impressed with everyone of the staff. Mia was our waitress and she was outstanding! She always had a smile on her face even when people were getting upset with how long it was taking to get their food. She kept our drinks full and was right there when we needed something. Food was very good and I will definitely be back to try breakfast. Mia was excellent and hope I get her again!
Went in to get a simple nostril piercing. According to their website (Under Piercing - Process) they will sterilize your jewlery for you and pierce at a discounted price. Being that I am on a budget and have a sensitivity to nickel, I brought in my own titanium nostril screw because I've had a previous Stainless Steel piercing bubble, pop and bleed profusely and I had to take it out, whereas Titanium has been safe for me in the past. However upon arrival I was met with confusion about my inquiry and told that they only use their own jewlery, and that being pierced with their own titanium jewlery costs $95.00. I opted for Stainless Steel again because the girl (did not catch name, sorry!) assured me it was nickel free and that reactions are unusual. So, I hope the previous reaction to the nose ring was my fault somehow. I am honestly not trying to spend $95.00 on anything! I'm not balling like that.My piercer was Nic and my experience was fine. He was polite and everything looked tidy. After piercing I was given some aftercare instructions and a small bag of salt.It cost $65 to have a nostril pierced here, and I do find that pricey. I went elsewhere to have a nostril done last year and it was half the price. However, I'm not sure how piercing places determine their prices. Being to three different places to attempt the nostril piercing so far, there have not been any differences in friendliness or the apparent cleanliness of the place, while each place is double the price of the next. So I wouldn't discourage people from using this location based on the cost.Overall my experience was satisfactory and my only complaint would be that the website does not reflect the practices of the business.
Flower Child reminded me a fancier version of Lemonade or Tender Greens. It's a fast-casual place where you order first then grab a table. I went at 2pm, and there was still a steady stream of people. Food was delicious - I loved everything I got: sweet corn and quinoa, eggplant, cauliflower, and chicken. My friend got the lemonade, which is self-serve. I got the kombucha on tap, which was good but not as carbonated as I like it. I thought the portions could be a little bigger for the price, but I'll still be back. The decor was very french cafe, and their food was great quality.
Friendly people, good food  and clean. But small place which is okay (it makes it cozy).
I've had my eye on Samosa Factory for some time, but finally got around to trying it last night when our first choice for dinner was closed for the holiday. We entered the small dining area and were greeted by the incredibly friendly server. We told him we wanted to order our food to-go and he still offered us two glasses of water and a starter to nibble on while we perused the menu. We settled on the Lamb Vindaloo and the Chicken Tikka Masala. We also ordered some garlic naan. Our server was incredibly personable and offered us refills on our water while we waited as well as made some idle chit chat with us. Once our food arrived, we paid our bill and off we went with our food. The server also offered us a to-go menu for our return visit. Great customer service!My fella and I dug into our meal as soon as we got home. The spice level was just right. We ordered the medium spice level to be on the safe side on our first visit. The garlic naan was delicious and I really enjoyed the rice. The flavors were right on and I look forward to a return visit to hopefully eat in the restaurant and try some of their samosas. The food is not cheap, but I didn't feel it was overly expensive for the quantity and quality of food we got.Definitely a great Indian option in a town that is lacking.
Nice place to fulfill your craving for spicy fruity snacks. They also have a killer shrimp tostada that is like a tower of shrimp and it's fresh and satisfying. I had their chamoyada and it was sooo good. The tamarind slush was perfect with chamoy and fresh mango, Japanese style penuts and bits of tamarindo, my daughter had the mangoneada and she loved the fresh mango slush with fresh mango bits. She also had the strawberries and cream and said they were super good. We will definitely be back to try more of their treats.
Oh my dear Brisket, you and I shall be together again !
Another amazing cafe in the Kensington Market. Very long, spacious cafe. Reminds me of Tokyo Smoke on Queen West. Their drinks are great, service is wonderful, and the wifi is very good. They'll have their patios open when it's warmer.
The best burger place in Pittsburgh. I went here twice during my stay. The first visit was absolutely mindblowing. I had a chicken burger, which was perfectly cooked, and the organization of the toppings was excellent. The second visit was good but not as good; the burger just seemed rushed. It still tasted pretty good but was a little dry and toppings were added unevenly.The shakes are delicious and come in large portions. I wasn't a big fan of the hard shakes, but that's probably personal preference.The wait times can be kind of long, and afaik, you can't make reservations ahead of time.. I suggest you come in between traditional lunch and dinner times for the shortest wait. I came at around 4-5 pm and was seated fairly quickly.
Love coming here to Fiddler's. it is a small small place, and it is pretty difficult to find. It is part of a compound or something. I am not sure what the whole property is, but it is odd.Anyways it is a small acoustics only venue where open mic nights are impressive, and other nights with the talent coming in are chill.Always has a cover, but that isn't that bad since that cover goes into running the place (i am pretty sure). the usuals here are amazing musicians and you would be lucky to hear them.I love it when the old guys play they are amazing guitarists
My review is not going to help you solve the great bagel debates of 1) St. Viteur v. Fairmount, or 2) Montreal bagels v. NYC style. What I can offer is a whole-hearted endorsement of all things made of carbohydrates. Montreal bagels are delicious. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a moron, or a liar. They are sweeter than the NYC style, and a lot less doughy. I find that less dough- equals a better carb to cream cheese ratio. Fairmount bagels are wonderful. You will have to wait in line for them- but they are worth it. I ordered a to-go bag of 12. There are a lot of flavors to choose from including: All-dressed, Garlic, sesame, chocolate, cinnamon-raisin, "a sweet bagel" (whatever that is), poppy seed, plain, etc. My favorite was the garlic bagel, second places goes to all-dressed. Fairmount does not have a toaster- so you'll have to eat your bagels "raw" or bring them home and prepare them. Fairmount sells cream cheese - in a few different varieties, and can direct you to a good lox shop down the street. They also sell day-old bagels at a discount, already helpfully arranged in bags, to the side of the counter.Bagel-sellers speak English. They are excellent at handling complex orders and are efficient at gathering all of your beloved demands. Open 24 hours a day. It's a good place to shop for vacation "presents" for your jealous friends and family. Last word of advice: Fairmount bagels keep well in the freezer. If you freeze you bagels- you just need to zap them for approximately 30 seconds- and as if they are fresh again.
I really enjoyed this authentic Thai restaurant.  I went with a colleague, who had travelled to Thailand over the winter, and she also said that the food was great.  Very reasonable prices for lunch, and the service was very good.  We did not wait long for our meals either, which is great when you are rushed for time.  We will definitely be back.
We dined here this past Saturday night and had a wonderfuk meal.  We knew that new owners took over a little over a year ago adn wanted to see if it changed.  It did not.  The food was just as great and so were the drinks!!!  Started off with tableside guac and we each had a few drinks and entrees.  I had two tacos which were fabulous as always.  Our 5 year old son with with us as well and he had a great experience.We look forward to visiting again soon!!!
Blah, blah, Balzac's coffee is divine, it's life-changing, it's the ejaculate of the Gods, I've heard it all. This place could serve liquid hate in a cup, and frankly, I'd still pay good money just to sit here. As cafés go, this space is stunning and Torontonians should be proud to have access to so charming and unique a spot Balzac's. This Distillery coffeeshop is some 50 feet high with gargantuan windows and a large green door that's BFG friendly. Walking in will draw your eyes up; it's an overwhelming space.Their mezzanine is fabulous and I would probably push someone over a ledge for a seat. Their delightful whitewashed walls often feature charming local art. There is a patio out front (which unfortunately faces an abominable sculpture), which is pretty busy in the summer. There's no wifi, so it's not a place to work, but an enjoyable place to chill.And having said all that, I'll add: their coffee really is pretty good.Obligatory Title Pun: (Too easy.)Menu Readability: I definitely do not like the typeface on the board here.Need to mention: Upstairs there is a mysterious and out-of-place glass door labelled "bureau." What this place teaches me about myself: I have restraint: a Balzac's pun could have been one of the crown jewels of my pun career.
I came here with my SO after I was done work around York U. It's right across the street basically on Keele. I finished work round 4, so it wasn't too busy. The staff here are very friendly and attentive!We ordered the dinner for two special which came with two vegetable spring rolls, chilli chicken (either gravy or dry style), beef and vegetables and chicken fried rice. We also ordered chicken pakora with our meal and everything was very reasonably priced. Portions are generous and we left really full.
This was recommended to me by a co-worker, based on my love of wine.  We brought out the readers, inspected the novel size wine list and placed our order.  Our waiter, Ray (who was awesome by the way!) told us that they *might not have that bottle, and that if they didn't, he would find something similar.  That made me nervous, but sure enough he found a really good bottle of wine and charged us what the other bottle would have been!  I had the filet, ordered medium and most of it was excellent, but there was a slight section in the very middle that was very rare.  The piece of meat was so big, that by the time I got to the middle, I was full.  The sauce on it was ok.  The Asiago bread was amazing!  There were 3 of us and we decided to split a dessert.  We asked Ray what his fav was, and we ordered the Cereal Killer.  OMG!!!  Don't leave without ordering that!
Yes I'm a FAN of this place....And I will definitely be back at least once a Year, since this is in LV and I live in LA.  The Environment was perfect, I felt like I was in a Cruise Ship or something like that...during a fancy dinner even though my friends and I had Brunch there.  The setup was Nautical like.. and the Service at the Bar where we sat, were great.  We got there maybe an hour before closing and they still attended to us like we had a few more hours.The food was Good and Tasty...  We had the Corn beef hash and Chicken/waffles.
My daughter's 10th Birthday dinner and the staff at Benihana made it a great experience for her-she loved it! We have great food, good service and great company(2 other couples at our table).
If you know anyone that speaks Spanish, invite them to come with you. The staff maybe spoke a few words of conversational English..I'm certainly not complaining, just want to give others fair warning. Despite the language barrier, I would definitely return. The prices are incredibly reasonable, especially the lunch specials. The food is authentic, and comes out pretty quickly.
Always been a fanQuick Trip is always a great gas station to refuel, as well as freshen up and who doesn't love the soda fountain station and multitude of snacks. I have to admit I am hooked on the soft pretzels from the QT kitchen, I always seem to find myself ordering a fresh hot pretzel before I leave the store. Cheap gas, ice cold drinks, and snacks. Does it get any better.
One of the best authentic vietnamese joints in town. Wish they had something like this in the East end where I live.All food options (pho, com, bun) are excellent and flavourful and fast. Two people can get stuffed for under 20 bucks.If you come not expecting impeccable service but simple tasty food at a great price you'll be a happy camper.Rule of thumb when it comes to viet food: good if owner is viet, mediocre if owner is chinese-viet, and run away if owner is hongkongnese.And stay well west of yonge.
If you like thin greasy pizza, then Alexander's Pizza is good for you. The $6 large pizza is a nice deal, and I do admit the flavor is marginally better than Caesar's $5 pizza. The only problem was how sparse the cheese was and the cardboard box the pizza sat in was literally soaking WET from being drenched in oil. Alexander's pizza also serves Italian and Greek entree meals. The pizza was disappointing, but their homemade (?) ranch dressing is out of this world! It's creamy, thick, and very nicely seasoned to go with their surprisingly fresh salads. Their ranch dressing really is superb and the family that runs this place seem very nice. Not the friendliest bunch of people, but you can tell their honest and work hard.
I went here with my best friend for dinner after work. The lady who took our orders was very informative and friendly. I ordered the "Gangnam Style" burger and it came with a side of fries. Burger was juicy and the flavors were on point, but kinda small and needed more veggies or toppings. The fries was perfectly seasoned and crispy. They also sell local beer there which was an extra plus. Kind of on the expensive side for a burger and Noda beer it costed me almost $18 bucks.
I really enjoyed myself here at MWC.  I came with 3 girlfriends as a 'girls night out.'  We were immediately greeted and taken to a table.  The ambiance, vibe of the wine bar was exactly what I picture in my head when I think wine bar.  I was dark, but not too dark.  Amber lighting and candlelit tables.  This is a great spot for a date as well.  My girlfriends and I shared 3 appetizers. We ordered the spicy crab dip, French fries and the rosemary salted sweet potato fries that were on as a special.  Both fries were perfectly salted and flavored.  They even came in these cute little wire baskets that look like mini deep fry baskets.  The service was on point as well.  Our server was very knowledgeable of the wine and great with the descriptions.  They have a large selection of wine that is reasonably priced.  I will definitely return and recommend!
The stuffed Pablano peppers are the best I have had.   Everything was very good and Taxco has become our go to Mexican restaurant.
Came in at 5:45, seated right away. Very accommodating. Dave our server was awesome. Super friendly and nice!
Handful of items are one order per person like salmon belly, oysters, seafood salad (like mixed fish poke), ocean trout, ama ebi... Etc. But well worth it for AYCE. Been here many many times since this is the hubbys favorite sushi spot at the moment ;) if u get Kevin as ur server ur in luck! Always attentive and super fast. Love it. Fish here is twice the size of the rice and they serve fresh wasabi for a $3 upcharge so this is a definite must try. You won't be sorry.
I had heard about Kaya since I first moved to Pittsburgh but it was only recently that I got a chance to try it out and I regret not having done it earlier! This is a nice place for both lunch and dinner, with good food, drinks and helpful service.  i ordered the cuban sandwich, which was delicious and the other two people in my party ordered the paella which also seemed amazing! I will be certainly going back when I am in the strip district or I can even make a trip just for Kaya.
This place was very busy on a Saturday afternoon. The service was pretty slow. However, the salsa was great! We ordered a pitcher of Margaritas for the three of us. It went for about 4 Margaritas total. Food was good. I would eat there again.
Love this place! It's so big and offers so much I do not need to go to another casino. And the Coronodo Cafe really has the best chef! Never disappointed here. Buffet not that good but everything else makes up for it!
Clean, staff was friendly and attentive.  We had roti kanai,  lamb randang. Overall we would definitely come back if we were locals. The curries were very flavorful. The lamb portion was generous enough to share one dish with an appetizer for our brunch.
I went here on the second weekend it was open. I was just there for drinks, but I didn't notice any growing pains. The atmosphere here is amazing!! The inside is decorated so well and it has a beautiful outside area. They have a good selection of unique beers, but prices are slightly above the average beer in the area. I'm excited to taste some of their own beers once they are released.
Cheap and delicous! I definently understand why there is a hype for canadian bagels. The bagels were soft and chewy with moisture unlike new york bagels. Definently worth the try!
My SO is obsessed with this place and used to take me here once in a while. I wasn't particularly crazy about it until recently when a large group of us came in for a late dinner. The food was spectacular, everything tasted super delicious!! The atmosphere is great and the drinks are delicious! Literally everything on the menu is worth trying, regarding drinks do try the Japanese jelly drink, it comes in a small can and also try the sake bomb if you're with a large group of people.
The place is next to the Atwater metro....very hip place to be. They have a great saki choice.  Menu is simple with pictures.  Raman is thru the roof with flavors.
Had to check off another place from my list before we headed home. SERVICE - Our waiter was really nice! He made our dinner very enjoyable. FOODPretzels & Cheese - They are very generous with their pretzels and cheese portions. In San Diego, we usually only get maybe four pieces out of what they gave us here. And we are used  to getting cheese in a tiny little bowl. Here, you actually get enough cheese to finish your pretzels! Fish Tacos - This was okay. Always on a fish taco hunt but these are standard. Nothing spectacular. AB Cheeseburger - There was a different flavor to the sauce that they used but I can put my finger on it. It was an overall solid burger. I can see this spot being a great one when there is a game! Very convenient.
After kayaking... all you want is water, food, and rest. With that kind of desperation, it's not a tough order to fill. Right down the street from the North Shore rental place, BZ's was our answer. We were a group of 13 on a Saturday off-rush hour afternoon, so we pretty much had the place to ourselves. They let us push the tables together into one long one with the wall seats. [ Service ]Pretty friendly, but struggled with the size of our group. Food took around an hour to come out for all of us. There were some switch-ups, where someone got the wrong drink (which cost $2 more, and she was charged for it) and another person got the wrong entree (but we got the wrong one for free). I also asked about a Yelp check-in deal to get a free dessert with my meal, but the server never got back to me after asking his manager. [ Food ]This is where BZ's does really well! I had the turducken burger, and it was tender, juicy, and well-seasoned. There were plenty of fries that came with it, and they were also tasty and crisp. Someone next to me got a beautiful salad with blackberries, and I think everyone loved their food. If you're willing to wait, you'll get pretty good  food. I think the service would be suitable for two people, but 13 was definitely our unlucky number.
Candy heaven. This is the best way to describe Candy Addict. Situated right off the busy streets of Mill Ave, this candy shop is perfectly placed because it's embedded right in the middle of all the action. The candy gets a little pricey but they have a nice selection and unique brands. It's definitely worth every sugar filled penny!
A little hidden gem.  Great selection to choose from.  Will definitely be going back.
Bottom line:  Go. Now.  Absolutely don't miss the guacamole starter and the carne asada taco platter.  We noticed Sonora when we were mapping restaurants nearby the La Quinta where we came for Colorado Rockies Spring Training games.  Growing up in Texas and having owned and run 3 small restaurants of my own, I am admittedly a tough grader.Carne Asada taco combo is five stars ($7.49), served with fresh white corn soft tortillas, nice homemade ranch beans and tasty rice.  Outstanding!  Tasty!  The barbacoa was tender with good seasonings but a little salty for my taste, so it gets 3 stars.  I prefer to add salt at the table, not the kitchen.The $6.25 appetizer of "guacamole" knocked our lights out!!  The avocados were complemented with a sprinkle of fresh cilantro and a dollop of pico de gallo.  Perfect!  With most restaurants, that is all you would get.  Not here.  A second small bowl included has a medium heat green tomatillo salsa.  Nice flavor to open and a pleasant warmth sneaks up on you to finish. The third bowl included with our "order of guacamole" was the real sleeper...these are green chiles like the Hatch peppers we get in Colorado.  Roasted over a smoky wood fire to infuse a marvelous richness to the chile-generous portion.  Again, not too picante, you can add heat with a tabletop hot sauce.  Too many places use heat to cover up lack of skill in the kitchen.This is real family cooking.  Our waitress Carla, the owner Celina and her son Marcos all work together in the kitchen and the personal touch is reflected in the flavors on the table.  Because it is family run, they close on Sunday so we were not able to return for the fish and shrimp tacos.We washed it down with cold and sweet homemade Horchata, redolent with cinnamon and very refreshing.Full and happy, we could not leave without sampling the ice cream in the front case.  Our table enjoyed rich, creamy ice cream sundaes covered with mango or strawberries.In Texas, the "hole in the wall" is what we all look for and share with our friends.  Nice to find one in Arizona.  If we come to Spring Training next year, we will definitely be back and send friends.
Great food and service. Very fresh food even though I made a special request they didn't charge extra. I yelped vegetarian/vegan which this place has about 2-3 option only. Veggie wrap and added hummus was great and French fries perfect. I'd come back again if on this side of town. Open one in Peoria and I'll visit frequently. Looks like have happy hours, not sure of specials and live music. Maybe another salad    option or black bean/veggie burger option to substitute. Other than that check it out
Maybe I got lucky but my experience at the Plaza Hotel and Casino was pleasantly enjoyable. The parking garage isn't the greatest but it's free for hotel guests (unlike a lot of hotels now). The room rate was cheap so I was expecting the worst but my room was clean, spacious and had a king bed in it. There is also a free shuttle to McCarran Airport, which saves about a $22 Uber ride one way.My expectations were quite low due to the price and reviews but I would stay there again if I'm on a budget.FYI: $20.00 resort fee (less than many hotels as well).
Great food at this location. The restaurant was clean, and we were greeted right away. I got the classic chicken sandwich, grilled and with the spicy chipotle mayo in place of the regular mayo. This is so good!  The fries and chicken were hot, and the veggies were cold. Perfect. I love how thin the chicken is. It's not small either, it is a good sized sandwich. My husband said that his burger was perfectly done and juicy. The food at this location is great, and we will travel a ways to return here.
Newest Shell station and gas finally in Mahogany. It's 24 hours and there are lots lots of pumps. Lotto, convenience store, snacks and drinks. Being Shell they accept AirMiles program and new technology like Apple Pay!Overall clean modern gas station  but no car wash. Sad.
Here's why I don't write reviews for Chinese restaurants: I have to look up their English names... It's so popular that I didn't try it until recently. The bubble tea here is really good. It's pricier than the one in Rose tea, but you also get more. I like that noodles with pork sauce. I've tried both the thin and wide/thick noodles. The wide one is less chewy and are kind of sticky. I prefer the thin one for this dish.Dan dan noodles are different from what I was expecting. My friend liked it but it's just okay for me.The noodle with wonton is flavorless to me. The soup dumplings are good but not amazing. If you've never had it before, give it a try and you probably will like it.I'd like to try noodles with beef soup next time.The appetizers are too pricy in my opinion. I won't pay $6 for a small plate of vegetables again...The owner is a nice guy and I enjoyed chatting with him a little bit during dinners.
The bread is yummy , however I can't say there was anything different from any other sub shop. Your basics with usual toppings. I can't say it was memorable but it was convenient for lunch after going to Payless. Ill probably go again. They do have smaller sandwiches so if you are watching calories that does help.
Trying to escape a snowstorm, I stumbled across this shop on my way home. In particular, I was drawn to their small, but highly curated and exceptional selection of VERY well made European shoes from Portugal, as well as their handcrafted and architectural jewelry made from leather. The owners provided exceptional customer service and for what I ended up coming away with (2 pairs of boots and a beautifully minimal statement necklace), the prices were more than reasonable.If you are someone who has a more progressive fashion sense and are looking to compliment that with tailored pieces and great quality leather...make this a stop on your way home.
Great lunch experience today. A must if your a fan of Mediterranean food. Great selection of Mediterranean dishes. Good for a quick lunch or a sit down dinner.
The best Wings ever. I'm so glad that Henderson NV has a Wing stop now. Great service fresh and clean. Very friendly folks, great smiles.
We have ordered and enjoyed: buffalo chicken salad, steak salad, Caesar salad, tossed salad with cheese, spinach rolls, eggplant parmesan hoagie, the Napoleon pizza, and pizza with and without toppings. As others have mentioned, the cheesey breadsticks are great. I'm vegetarian and I love their eggplant parm, especially on the Napoleon pizza. We get delivery in Fineview in 45 minutes or less. I've ordered online, through Eat24 and GrubHub. I prefer Eat24 and their weekly $2 coupon, as well as their Pizza & Sticks deal for $16.99 (large cheese pizza, breadsticks & mozzarella sticks [toppings extra].)I believe the horrible driver people have mentioned no longer works there. We've been ordering delivery on monthly basis from Riviera Pizza for over two years and have had a problem only once.
Came here for a little afternoon treat with my friend. We arrived when the place just opened and was greeted by the owner himself. He seem to be the only person running the place. He directed us to the menu that was placed across from the cash register. Note: you order first then seat yourself. There's a water station if you get thirsty and also a bin where you would place your dirty dishes in after you're done.Always enjoyed creme brûlée and I was super excited to try one of his many creations. He offer a variety of interesting flavours that all sound so yummy. I chose the Vietnamese coffee paired with a scoop of earl gray ice cream. The creme brûlée was tasty, coffee flavour was strong, it was drizzled with condense milk and I enjoyed watching it being torched infront of me. I felt that the earl gray ice cream was definitely needed or some kind of ice cream because it helps to balance out the sweetness and rich flavour of the Vietnamese flavour creme brûlée. The ice cream was made perfect in my opinion as earl gray taste was present, it was creamy and not overly sweet. The owner actually recommended to have the ice cream first then my creme brûlée after in my particular pairing. Moreover, the atmosphere of this place was pleasing and comfortable. You can study or hang out with your group of friends. He definitely made use of every square footage of this place. Also the selection of desserts from ice cream to creme brûlée and waffles. I will definitely come back to try the waffles because the pictures I've seen on yelp look so yummy.
Very very good...had the burger...cooked perfectly excellent...frites nice and crispy asked for the garlic aioli and it was a nice touch...appertizer was a cheese like fondueish that was surprisingly good...old fashioned so were well crafted and the creme broiler was excellent...highly reccomend...will stop back on the way home...bravo!
A co-worker had Recommended Nick's to me.  So about a week before the flood, I found myself in Calgary and decided to check out Nicks.The restaurant itself is large inside.  We chose to be seated in the bar section so we could watch the hockey game.  No problems there.We both ordered pizza.  I had the "Nick" special - ordering the smallest of the three sizes (10 inches).  When it arrived it had about 6 full sized slices.  The crust was decent - much better than chain pizza crust.  There were a lot of tasty toppings, and I was full on about 4 slices.  My pedometer said I was at 12,000 steps for the day with about another 3,000 to get back to the hotel so I downed the next two slices.  We also ordered ice cream for dessert.  Its not on the menu as an option but our waitress was more than willing to make it available.Overall, I would definitely repeat my next time in Calgary.
Let me start this review by  saying I've never been a fan of spring rolls.  You know, those fired, stale tasting, bland things you get as a side with your chines takeout.Rice Paper DOES IT DIFFERENT AND DOES IT WELL! Its like sushi meets a burrito is the best way I can describe it, I could have ordered one of everything off the fresh spring roll menu.Stopped in here on a whim and tried some fried tofu and a glass of beer. Okay, things went well, taste was good so on to the spring rolls. The rolls had great texture and were full of fresh ingredients with tasty dipping sauce.Great place to eat (additional parking to the north) and the bill for two was under $20.I'll be back!
The staff is friendly, they stop serving at 8:30 PM so make sure you arrive timely. No fashionably late arrivals. There is indoor and outdoor seating. the staff is not only friendly but helpful. Very polite. Portions are decent and they will not leave you feeling hungry. Due to Vegas temps, if dining outdoors any beverage with ice will quickly melt please keep that in mind. Menu is large enough to give you options yet small enough not to overwhelm and theres a good amount of detail about each item. Desserts are delicious and you'll want more than one. I won't have or take one of those to go said no one ever! This was somewhat hipster, somewhat trendy, somewhat casual, its hard to put a definite label on it other than it was a good first experience and a good first impression. If you're looking for something other than the strip, this is a nice change of pace and very relaxing. It affords the opportunity to have good food and good conversation.
Late night craving, check.  Solid tacos check, cool neighborhood, check.  Cool spot to meet friends for dinner or drinks and it checks off a lot of the boxes.  One of the better taco joints in cleveland.
The service was awesome, the ambiance was pleasant and I loved the calamari, BEST I have ever had.  It is not fried which is a fantastic start and the sauce was simply divine.  I had Bavette al Cedro which is spaghetti, lemon, Italian butter and parmigiano cheese...delicious.  I loved that I could really taste the lemon.  If you are a fan of pasta I highly recommend PastaBAR but don't expect the typical Olive Garden style pastas.  Different can be really good and frankly I think they do it well!
I love this place, I come here about 2 to 3 times a week for lunch! It is a little pricey but I keep coming back soo...
As usual, both drinks i got were great. The soup (carrot of some kind) was great. Nicer staff but music that is too loud means they stay at 4 stars.
Cool place to have a few drinks and dance. Nothing too crazy because the DJ never change the genre or want to take request. But after a few of their yummy strong drinks, you kind of just go with the flow and forget that the DJ really SUCKS! Just go with a group of friends and you'll enjoy your night.
Despite being raised in the Sonoran Desert, I love Chicago Dogs! You can blame the Cubs for that. So how come I've never tried a Sonoran Hot Dog before? They've gained a lot of popularity in recent years thanks to Tucson restaurants like El Guero Canelo. I was very happy to see they opened a new location in the west valley on McDowell Road.Today I picked up lunch for a friend on my way over to his place. Without asking what he wanted, I decided to pick up some variety. Two Sonoran Dogs were an obvious choice. I also chose two chicken tacos, a side of refried beans and chips.The cashier was very friendly and when she suggested the chips, she mentioned that they were made fresh each day (and they were really good). In fact, they were better than some I've had in nicer restaurants. But the beans.... They were amazing. Seriously, the refried beans here are better than homemade! My friend mentioned how much he liked the chicken tacos. For something so simple (grilled chicken, cabbage and corn tortillas) they were incredibly flavorful. All I added was some pico de gallo.And finally, the Sonoran Hot Dog was worth every penny. Bacon makes everything better, but the hot dog itself was tasty. And you wouldn't think that mayo and beans would go together, but it all works. The flavors may not be as bold as the sport peppers on a Chicago Dog, but I will not pass up another opportunity to enjoy a Sonoran Dog again. Welcome to the valley El Guero Canelo!
Nice big juicy burger. You pick your toppings which I like. Went with traditional goods for first time. I knocked a star off because of bun. It was fresh but the quality should stand up to the same quality of the patty. It would be a real game changer for this place. Friendly staff too.
The first thing that struck me about this restaurants that it was packed full of caucasian people. The food was tasty and menu was very typical with nothing really genuinely Chinese. The staff was very nice and fast however and the place is very clean. Go here if you want a tasty typical American-Chinese meal, but if you want something more genuine, better stick to China street.
I come here once in awhile . But when i do iam always satisfied.i 've tried a few of their pho dishes . And always finished them looking for more. What got me were the awsome spring rolls
I have always been a Fatburger fan. If you have never had a burger from here you have got to try it. The fat fries are awesome and the onion rings are always freshly made. I have never had anything I didn't like
I love love love this place for a massage. This is the best massage I have ever received and I have had a lot. With that said - I like deep tissue really hard massages and I feel like I never get enough pressure. I did not have that issue both times that I have been here. The pressure was perfect and consistent from beginning til end. Rochell is amazing as is her partner. I will keep coming back. CON - the one and only con is the location.  The room is in a strip mall type location with other businesses next door (literally) and you can hear everything going on inside, outside, and through the entire building. If you plan on relaxing or sleeping then this isn't the best location. If you are looking for a damn good massage by people who know what they are doing. This is your place.
NOTE: This is not a review for the restaurant, since I have not actually eaten food here.I have been to this place several times but not for dinner or food but for events downstairs. When you first come into Calisto, you see the dining room area but you would be surprised to know that in the basement they have a full dance bar. The bar is long ending at a small sized dance floor with a DJ booth in one conrner. If you are looking for a small place to host a party or just go out with some friends, Calisto is the place for you. The drinks are normal Toronto prices. The music is a good mix of stuff. Sometimes people throw special events in there and you may stumble upon something really interesting. The staff is friendly and there is usually no cover (I have never heard of anyone paying cover). I do like this place and feel pretty comfortable there, so will you!
Good place! The Rangoon, soup and dumplings were all good appetizers. Sushi I would say is above average considering It's all you could eat, would actually say just as good as Mizu (dare I?) Shrimp Fried rice was tasty and the ice cream was great! I didn't get Hibachi because I feared an all you can eat it wouldn't be good but now I feel like I should have! Would recommend.
Wonderful experience. I loved everything we ordered from the shrimp and grits to the "drunken" opha fish. Don't miss the jalapeno-corn side dish. The cocktails are very imaginative - I tried their take on a pimms cup. The atmosphere here is very hip, loungy and dark. Our bartender was a little obsessed with another couple and it required us waving him down each time we needed something, but I'm sure service at the tables is better.
Great food, friendly service, lovely atmosphere. Not "too cool for school" or intimidating, just warm and welcoming (literally, warm: they have a fireplace)! It's a pub but it's a little bit fancier and  has fewer blaring TVs. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that I found the beers and wines a little pricey and I have only tried the Nachos (which were TO DIE FOR).
Great service. Always fast and always friendly.I have only ordered the Tonkotsu Black Ramen so far. Soup base tastes great, and I find it not too salty. The black garlic oil adds a nice flavour and I highly recommend getting it. The pork is a little bland for my liking and there is a decent portion already with the soup so I wouldn't bother getting extra.
Nice little spot to grab a healthy lunch. I love the BBQ Chicken Salad and their Mushroom Soup is amazing!!!
Nice healthy breakfast options. A few ingredient changes in the past two years that were not for the better, but the staff is absolutely AMAZING.
Pretty good! The Boba wasn't my favorite, but the tea was very tasty and made specifically as I asked. I like the milk teas best. My friend had the slushy version and she said it was pretty good too. The staff was fast and the atmosphere of the place was clean and lively! Nice place!
Huge omelet that I split with my niece for breakfast with ordered sides of turkey bacon.  All yummy and service was spectacular.
Ill be honest. I didn't expect much from this place but it was surprisingly good.Deepfried artichokes in a fun presentation, ribs and mac n cheese done up nicely.Mussels were good, service was greatOverall a nice lil spot
My new friend,Colin Fukunaga (@fukuburgerlv) recommended Honey Pig in Las Vegas as a must go to restaurant in Vegas.  It did not disappoint.  Most people never leave strip but are missing out on the real gems of this city.  I ordered their all you can eat lunch special Korean BBQ with all the fixings.  Let's just say my friend and I had to be rolled out of there.  I wish they had great food like this back home!
Food was so good I didn't realize I had eaten my entire burger until I looked down and saw and empty plate. I stopped in for dinner with my boss and coworkers. We had no problem getting a table for 5 around 630pm on a Thursday night but that doesn't mean the place was not busy and hoping. The waitress we had was also our bartender so that meant we were able to get our drinks a little faster than other tables, which was great. We had the salsa and chips, word of caution the salsa was on the spicy side. We also had the artichoke dip which was awesome. I opted for the triple bacon burger and onion rings and it was fabulous. The atmosphere was good and lively and there was no pressure to hurry up and leave which was good because we were there for several hours. All in all I would definitely come back.
Somehow this one has the best food.Staff: friendly as usual. This is one of the few that the staff upsold to me on pies and I appreciate them taking their job seriously.Food: it is the same food but it seems like they put more care into it so they seem to have the right amount of ingredients in every sandwich. I will say they seem to only have apple pies and no other options (other places have at least 2 flavours in my experience)Overall one of the best locations I've been to
Great service here! Food was good to okay. Floors were dirty. I liked the laid back and fun environment though. Reasonable prices too. Would say go ahead and give it a try! Root bear float -yumButterfinger malt - decadent BLT - okay. Plenty of bacon, got an extra slice of tomato, but bread could have been better.
After some changes with rude tellers the bank is much improved. I wish they had more than two tellers at all times. Makes the wait time longer. Gave 4 stars because the Mortage department is top notch and stays on top of things.
A solid 4.5...just shy of a 5.My stars:  (5=epic "best of") (4=really tasty and want to go again and again) (3=good and will go back once in a while) (2=fair, might return for a visit if there was some glimmer of hope) (1=avoid at all costs)Go or No?  Go!Tease:   Iron Chef Bobby Flay's Southwestern restaurant in Caesar's Palace (right by their sports book)Why I went:  Because I am a fan of Flays!When:  11/18/12Food:  I had the Mesa Burger...I was craving a high quality burger for lunch as we were there early in the afternoon.  We had a total group of 4 dining.  Other entrees included the grouper, pulled pork sandwich, and bacon quesadilla.  Everyone enjoyed their meals.  A number of us also enjoyed their amazing and spicy Bloody Mary's!  I've eaten here a number of times.  Every time, I really have enjoyed my meals!  The flavors are so vibrant and interesting.  Things can be spicy, so if you like that...you'll love Mesa Grill!    Basically the food & drinks are delicious!Service:   Mike P was our server, and he did a fine job.  Hints/Final thoughts:   The food here is really super tasty!  However, the only real complaint is that a lot of the dishes are not changeable.  Given many marinades, sauces, and preparation...apparently, they can't make many substitutions.  For my wife, who can't eat cilantro, this made ordering a little difficult.  They will try, but sometimes there can't be much done.
The food was very good. Their ranch dressing is home made and so good. The portions are very  big. The service was the best part.
When attending University activities, this restaurant was always the first options for take out, and it never disappoint me. ;)
Ordered the gluten free pesto party pizza. It was so delicious I ate the whole pizza save for one slice I gave to a co-worker. They lose a star because I felt nickel and dimed for everything. I ordered my pizza carry out and got charged for one ranch and hot peppers, and I almost got charged for a water cup because I wanted one with a lid but the guy behind the register was nice enough to just give it to me.  So after the gluten free crust (which I expect to pay extra for) and the little condiments, and tip I spent $18 on a personal pizza. A little on the pricey side for lunch.
*editing my lower review*After speaking with Deanna, I am altering the review since they are franchised and I wasn't aware (my bad), although communication on canceling could use work... After weeks of attempting to sort out an issue only Yelp could really get attention my husband could have used on day one... The massage therapists are attentive and I enjoy each massage. Much more relaxing atmosphere than other massage businesses... I hope to use this facility again once we have time and the extra funds.
Not bad at all ...different  but tasty the full bar makes it even better its the incentive...very good service the server and bartender were extremly nice...will be back good prices
Located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center inside Target.
Love the name of this place. If you are Cantonese you will understand. They really give you a large portion of the sashimi. If you order the large it is surprisingly filling. Decent amount of seating. Parking is available across the street. Service is fast and friendly. Just order at the counter and take your meal to a seat. The food is very fresh. Worth a try.
One of my favorite sushi places in old town, soon to be yours too. Best happy hour, super busy though. Half price drinks, appetizers & house maki (get the chicken gyoza - you're welcome in advance). I've ordered different rolls here and favorites are the freshwater eel roll, cali roll and dragon roll. Kudos for *consistently* fresh sushi served at a good temperature - but it could be rolled a little bit tighter, sometimes they seem to fall apart easily. Actually, every roll here falls apart, it's predictable. I've spent less than $20 with another person on 2 different rolls, saki bombers and an appetizer.Servers are always sweet and seem to have fun here, I dig the vibe. I always feel like they work together to help each other out so we get our food & refills faster - I hope they tip their bussers well. And...definitely check out the bathrooms, like a trip to Japan.
Absolutely delicious food, great service, and gorgeous scenery. Perfect place for any meal.
I loved this place!  I definitely recommend downloading the "nowait" app to make sure that you don't have to wait for a table for two hours.  We got a few plates - the dirty south nachos, fried meatballs, shells & cheese, and the Ki roll.  My favorites were the Ki roll and the shells & cheese (which were PHENOMINAL!!).  The dirty south nachos were good but different, and the fried meatballs were good but a little dry.  I got an amazing cucumber vodka mojito to drink, which was a perfect pallet refresher!  The interior is super cute and very intimate.
Great deals - Five tacos for $5.00 and lots of meat.  I really like the salsa bar too!
Tropical Smoothie is Tropical Smoothies. It's always hit or miss, always depends on who's making your drink and preparing your food. I give it an extra star only because its dine-in is open 24 hours.
I got the steak, mushroom and provolone sandwich with a salad and it was very good! I had it delivered to my work which is about 4 mi away and hard to find. The driver was very nice and  I had them deliver again today! I'm glad I found this place.
These guys were fantastic! I  had an oddly shaped framed mirror that had broken.  I had all but given  up on the beauty. Nobody would would cut a new mirror because of it's odd angles and curves.They cut a new mirror according to the frame and I had my beautiful mirror back on my vanity. I had to pay a pretty penny but it was worth it! They were very professional and courteous.
Very good quality steak! Really enjoyed the meal and loved the rapid and courteous service. The atmosphere was nice and was the type of place that would be great for a special occasion or fancy date. The only downside was that for four people to eat, three people had tea and the other water (no alcohol), and two total desserts... with tip the total was $320! Phew ... that hurt. Also traffic and parking in uptown Charlotte is sometimes problematic. And don't forget that going outside for a smoke will make you a target for the beggars. Overall I'd go back if my bank account allowed it and I was craving great steaks without the standard side dishes (no baked potatoes there).
12/3/16- we went to return sheets that had a tear in them and while we were very upset with the wait for Brandy (the only manager on duty in textiles it seemed) we are extremely pleased with how she handled our issue and our temper (it was a very long day). The holidays aren't easy on anyone in retail and she took everything in stride. She was clearly the only one responding to the numerous calls of help coming in but stopped to remedy our situation. Thank you
We stumbled upon Shishalicious by chance and thought to give it a try. I can definitely say this was a pleasant surprise. The owner (Theva) was friendly and checked in on us periodically to make sure everything was to our taste. I would highly recommend the baklava and the fresh mint lemonade while you're enjoying their patio on a sunny day, with or without shisha :)
Small and busy location with two tables and some counter seating - just something to keep in mind cause you might not find a seat to dine in. They workers are really fast and friendly here and the food is delicious as always. I'm not a fan of traditional shwarma, but I do love me some chicken on stix.
This place is always packed but sooo worth it.  Fish is always fresh and service is great.  I normally would choose ayce for sushi but this place is one of the few where it's worth paying for individual rolls.  Something new ... try "fresh wasabi" it's definitely way better than the normal wasabi everyone is familiar with.  Only disclaimer ... you'll never want to go back to the normal wasabi ... hahah.  If you love sushi ... why not try this place out.
Dinner for 4 on a Saturday night. We got there a bit early and the place was starting to fill up. The decor and the ambiance are tip-top. The menu is very unique. An eclectic mix of Asian dishes. We started off with two sets of dumplings - Smoked Pig Face and Smoked Bok Choy. Both very delicious. The pig is definitely the moist, fatty dark meat. I love it, but perhaps not for all. The Bok Choy turned out to be very flavorful. Lots of spice to it as well. We had a mix of entrees. Scallop special (only 4 scallops, but well done), Mission Chinese Kung Pao Pastrami (spicy and delectable), Kimchi Fried Rice (a bit salty, but well done), and the Roasted Pork Noodles (very tasty). I think that the only thing lacking was the service. It started off good, but went downhill fast. That said, I will chalk it up to the place being brand new when we dined there. N*joy
This was my third time visiting this restaurant. As before the food was delicious, particularly the apps. Tip: try the spinach dip!!This is a great place for a large group and it is vegitarian friendly with a nice ambience.  My only complaint is the slow service. This place due to its popularity is often very busy and as such food orders (especially when you have larger groups) can take a very long time. Also each time I have visited I had a hard time stopping the wait staff. Bottom line: if you have time this is a great place.
Good ambiance.... my friend said he first started coming here in 2004, when they were just starting out and before the owner bought out the sushi place next door.  He said it's come a long way since then. This place has a great, relaxed atmosphere... there are karaoke rooms for fobby gatherings.  I would come here again if given the chance.  The peach soju = :)
This place is such a treat! We had the seafood gumbo and the shrimp po boy. Both were very tasty!
Here's how I justify my four-star rating:The sound system is good, better than many places in the Kensington Market area, what with the common problem of clubs limiting the low-end because neighbors live cheek-to-jowl. Add to this the fact that the cover at this club is usually moderately low and nearby clubs often cost twice as much for the same beer and comparable musical selection. Friendly staff and the intimate size of the space make this an enjoyable place to see a show with a group of friends. It's around average space-wise. Personally speaking, the rare-groove soul and funk selections regularly on offer make this place a stand-out. Btw: I had no idea they had West African food, this can only be a plus.
Food was good, I love the whole atmosphere. We ate outside, it was really nice. My only complaint is the parking.
I really would give this a 4.5. My wife and I both got fried chicken and with all the sides it comes with, it was a decent deal. We both got mashed potatoes, collard greens, and mac and cheese. All of them were delicious. The biscuits were the best part. I really wish we had room for desert afterward because there were a few options which I'm sure would be great. On top of it all, it's in a good location. A block from the action, it's along Church Street where I usually can find a parking spot. We will be back for breakfast for those biscuits.
I would say that it's safe to disregard most of the aspects of the reviews that are prior to 2016, which is when the bar changed ownership (from what I understand). This bar has quickly become one of my favorites and many of my friends agree. With a fun diverse menu (for a bar) AND a smoke-free environment, it's hard not to like this casual and friendly neighborhood meet-up. The location is convenient and the charm is all there, especially since this house-turned-bar is nestled in among the quiet residential streets of Avalon. The bartenders have quickly learned our name and are quite hospitable. The same goes for the chef, who is not only talented but seems caring about quality and pleasing the customer. Their fish sandwich deal is one of the best around - scrumptious, satisfying, and only $5 when on special. Drinks are cheap and sometimes the pool table in the back is free along with the jukebox. Give this bar a try and you shouldn't be disappointed!
What a cool little bookstore.I really like how the place is set up.  It just looks "right" in ways that I can't describe.  It looks almost mysterious, which for a bookstore, I like that feeling.Great selection of books.  I like places like this because browsing pays off.  You never know what you are going to find on any given visit or day.  It really is a journey into the unknown.If you like old books, or not knowing what to expect with the experience of discovering something new, this is a great place to visit.But yes, the potential damage it could do to your bank account in terms of buying stuff could be a little frightening.
Try the relleno.  It's delicious.  Gr8 Mexican food Americanized nicely.  Beans, pork riblets, burritos enchiladas, tacos, etc are yummy.  Cocktails are off the chart but not cheap.  Fun ambiance w/party bar.  Service is swift and cordial.  Pink Taco is a cool eatery.
Amazing happy hour specials on rolls and drinks. I come here often and the service is always really great. The managers are also very friendly. The only reason I give it 4 out of five because nothing beats fresh sushi that is close to the ocean ;)
Really 3.5I think came here in an off night.First I wanted the beautiful tacos I see in the photos  on Yelp.  The menu I had only had one taco on it.  When I asked the waiter.  He told me that was the only menu they had.  I then ordered the fried burrito and it looked amazing!!! However the burrito tasted pretty bad.I don't think I'll be coming back here.
One of my favorite places in Cleveland and the prospect location is my favorite. Fast and friendly service, rather spacious and love the decor. The El Jefe is my favorite taco on the menu and they come up with some pretty kick ass specials each month. The chicken and waffle taco was divine and I loved the peach guac they had last month. Margaritas are great and they have a full bar as well. Overall, this is my go-to spot. Highly recommend!
The people were friendly and the place was quiet when we arrived (late morning on Monday). Prices are decent and the atmosphere is basic and "homey" - nothing avert or obnoxious. The menu was a good variety of basic breakfast foods and the portions were good sized. The food itself is decent - think a better version of Denny's - nothing too greasy or cheap, but nothing over the top "yummy" either (except the hot chocolate which was perfect!). Nice place to stop if you want some basic comfort food. I would have loved to try the baked pancakes, so if you have the extra time (takes 20 minutes), stop by - they sound amazing and is probably the best item on the menu if I have my guess.
I love this place - I find they restock very often, so their produce is fresh. I've had better luck with finding fresher fruit and veggies here than I do at Loblaws, where things tend to be older and more expensive. They have a great selection of produce, stock Asian cooking essentials, and have very reasonable prices. The staff aren't particularly talkative, but are friendly and helpful. Only downside is they don't take credit, only cash and debit.
Stopped in for lunch before a Bucs game. Great service and food.  Hamburger was thick and juicy cooked perfectly.  Service is excellent.  I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop.
Service was a little slow,but good. Chips and hot sauce is always awesome, I could just eat them! I got the Asada Steak Chimichanga, a little to much onion and tomatoes for my taste. Would get it again the meat was yummy and beans and rice are always good.
16th Street Sports Bar is a funny place. It's kind of like high school all over again in the sense that I went to Washington, had a lot of friends at Sunnyslope, and a lot of them come here. With do reason too, as it is more of an entertainment spot than a sports bar. The TVs are somewhat limited in comparison to other places nearby, but they have shuffleboard, darts, pool, video games, etc.The servers are all friendly, they have a great burger and beer of the month special that changes each month, and the food is better than average. Their prices are very fair as well.
I do enjoy wreaking a little havoc on the strip from time to time. The people watching is good, the scenes are cool and window shopping is excellent. Plus I find myself frequenting the strip to get to casinos, clubs and restaurants, I can't stay away for too long.It's a great place to just sit and watch a lot of entertaining shit go down and blend in with the crazies if you're up for it, but after dealing with a lot of idiotic drivers and drunk tourists on the strip I dread driving on it. The taxis run you off the street and typically drive like jerks. The pedestrians rule the strip, but that doesn't mean you have the green light to prance around like a tourist fool. Oh you're crossing the street when you shouldn't be and you got hit by a moving vehicle? Sorry, not sorry.If people watching bores you, the street performers are always out full force on the weekends, just make sure to tip them if you take a photo of them/ with them - if not, get ready to be professionally mean-mugged or verbally assaulted. Or you can be cool and take a picture for free with a bum - your choice. There are a lot of free sights to see - I always enjoy a classic Bellagio water fountain show, it never gets old. Also, the Volcano fire show at The Mirage is pretty thrilling and heats things up, literally!The beloved strip is best enjoyed at night, all of the glimmering lights, cascading banners and marquees, make it that much more magical and worth the trip to the strip. You either hate her or you love her, but she will always be my special, dirty girl.
I love this place. They have very refreshing drinks. So many choices to choose from. The staff are very friendly. Very nice place to hang out.
Riddle me this?http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD9OSSwLvB8Why did I, a complete non-smoker, find myself lounging in a hookah cafe on Pittsburgh's South Side after midnight on Good Friday? Well, once this show finished at The Rex Theater...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCZMiCfM1A4I needed sustenance and some refuge from that haven for the obnoxious and drunk known as Carson Street. Mike and Tony's was closing up for the night, and craving gyros, I had to keep moving past the bass-thumping bars, dodging the surly debutantes (they all HATE me, and I never even make eye contact with them, let alone leer at them. Is it because I DON'T leer at them? It's sad and patriarchal, but so are they, so I digress...), and flatulent, fatuous "bros" as they are commonly referred to (they're real!), I had almost discarded all hope and headed straight towards the trolley stop until I came upon...http://www.comicartcollection.com/images/wantlist/sphinx.jpgNo, I didn't encounter a super-villian. What I did encounter was a minor bliss. I know nothing about hookah and have little interest in it, but when I sensed calm as I peeked into SCC and remembered that they do have a menu, I sat down in this carpeted room full of twentysomethings, all of whom were mocking the sounds of a babbling brook as they inhaled fumes from rubber tubes. Videos of gyrating belly dancers played on a television screen while everyone but the owner, my server, and I sat on pillows on the floor. Is there a more peaceful place to simply escape from all the madness in this often raucous part of town?Sphinx Cafe's menu doesn't aspire to be "authentic" Egyptian (try Isis Cafe in Brookline for truer Egytpo-fare ), offering up a number of Mediterranean, Arabic, and quasi-Mediterranean/Arabic snacks and dishes for those who actually might want to eat instead of smoke...or toke. The gyro I had came with potato chips and included rich, moist meat, crisp vegetables, and a fine, properly creamy-tangy tzatziki sauce. Although I could have done without being charged $2.50 for a can of ginger ale, the mild gouging affected me little considering my safe, civil, chill surroundings. That I went to a lounge in The South Side and didn't leave wanting to pulverize some greasy-haired mook is enough for me to recommend Sphinx Cafe to those who despise the bar scene and find themselves in the area on one of its worst two nights of the week. Perhaps, I'll cast my allergen-induced respiratory issues into the breeze and sample some hookah during a future visit to see what it's all about.P.S. The service was friendly and fairly prompt considering the laid-back ambience. P.P.S. For a small fee, one can rent board games to play.P.P.P.S. They were open until 2AM!P.P.P.P.S. The only music I heard in Sphinx Cafe was of the soft, Arabic kind that evening.
I got my tree here last year and i was so pleased with it i went back this year. Unfortunetly for some unknown reason my christmas tree had absolutely no scent this year ...i mean i could smell my basil plant over the tree lol. Anyways i called and john was very nice and told me he would swap my tree out at no extra cost which they did and they even through ina. Bottle of plant food for the inconvenience! I am very pleased with my new tree and i deffinetly will be back next year all thanks to john and his excellent customer service! Keep up the good work see you guys next year!
I don't usually do reviews, but ignore the 2.5 star rating. I had the pho dac biet and the broth was on point. My wife had the banh mi and she said the bread was fresh. Pricing was good, but don't forget your cash b/c it's cash only. Service was typical for an Asian restaurant. Overall, come try it out if you're looking for Asian food in Vegas. It also open 24 hours.
Très chouette endroit où l'on peut découvrir des animaux du Quebec, il s'agit, pour la plupart, d'animaux recueillis car ayant été blessés ou étant malade, certains même sont là parce qu'ils ont été trouvé lors de saisies policières. Tout semble très bien entretenu et on peut s'y balader un bon moment. C'est aussi l'occasion de pouvoir voir, entre autres, des ours, des loups, ou encore un renard blanc. J'ai vraiment beaucoup aimé ma sortie dans cet endroit
The fries are amazing and their selection of beer is bomb! It's a bit small but a great little place to stop for a bite to eat with friends! They also have a lunch deal, if you order a burger or their banh mi sandwich you get a side for free :)
DeLuca's is a Pittsburgh landmark with a great reputation... and I found it to be "all that and a bag of chips."  Get there early... as it gets packed on the weekends.  There is no wait list, so you need to get in line.  Once seated, I found the wait staff was very attentive.The food was delicious and I will look to return here next time I'm in the Burgh.   Loved the Pittsburgh Slam with 2 eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage and French Toast (Lingonberry Preserve & Lemon).The Coffee is good and the menu has a lot of interesting dishes for both breakfast and lunch.  As I was here for breakfast, I hope to go back soon to explore some of the other dishes.
Stopped here for Saturday brunch, we waited about 15 minutes to sit. Everything we had was amazing including the chia bowl (fantastic) and Oeuf Coquette (so good). Only thing keeping this from a 5 star was that we ordered a scone that never came, but we weren't charged and cannot complain really given how busy they were
Enjoyed walking around Ladlow's today with my mom. Lots of beautiful items and very unique. Customer service was friendly. Ended up not purchasing anything due to the items being on the large side (I'm looking for stuff for an apartment) and also the prices. It's very very pricey.
I have ALWAYS been a fan of House of Blues food.  Ever since my days at Disney.  This was a hidden treasure that people would pass by and not even give a chance but I am telling you that their food is so good.We got a great deal through Restaurant.com so we were able to try a lot of stuff.  It's Vegas baby!  One thing you should know about Restaurant.com coupons is that it may look like a great deal but you need to spend a certain amount to use the coupon.  Our particular coupon was $4 for $50 but you have to spend $100.  Not really a great deal when you think about it.Back to the yummy food.  The drinks are so yummy.  All of their signature drinks come in either a House of Blues souvenir glass or a souvenir mason jar.  I have both.  Buyer beware though, I think they are super expensive.  They don't list the prices on the menu and I actually have never thought to look but they are somewhere in the range of $20-$30.  Don't quote me on it but def. watch out for that.Everything is spicy here!  Even their Jalapeno Maple bread.  It's delicious but spicy!  We ordered so many things.  The cesar salad with steak, side of mac and cheese with bacon, bacon wrapped meatloaf and the key lime pie.  All delicious!  Seriously, you can't wrong with their food.  Especially as a quick snack or lunch.  It's just a fun place to hang out when you've lost all your money.The music is so fun and the staff is so great.  Especially Star.  She was so nice.  It's just a great place with a fun atmosphere.
Wow, I was very impressed.  I've passed this place many times while shopping nearby.  I purchased a gift certificate thru Amazon Local and decided to give this place a try.   This rating is probably closer to 4.5 stars.  I was greeted immediately, and seated on a Saturday evening.   I proceeded to review the menu and decided to try the Fried Cheese as an appetizer and the Shrimp Aglio for my entree.  I was immediately presented with a basket of warm clustered garlic rolls (they were delicous!).  The house salad (included with the entree), arrived within a few minutes and it was GOOD, fresh iceberg lettuce, topped with cherry tomato and loads of fresh mozarrella with a side of their delicious house dressing.   I ate every bit.  The fried cheese arrived, 5 large planks of fresh mozzarella, nicely battered and fried with a side of homemade marinara.  The marinara was filled with chunky tomatoes and had a very nice flavor, just a little bit sweet, just like I like it!   The entree.....where do I begin!!!!    The server brought out a huge bowl of linguine, topped with fresh basil, loads of freshly topped tomato and an ample portion of perfectly cooked shrimp.  I also received a side of freshly grated parmesan without having to request it.   The pasta was piping hot, flavorful and the portion was HUGE.   Everything about this meal was great, the food, service and atmosphere.   I would definitely return!
I like the way that they display their manneqins and how nice they are dressed. The interior to the store is nice too. This store might not be as big as the ones in Beachwood or the one in Westfield's South Park Mall. The store makes you want to hang out there and people watch besides do your clothes shopping..I am not joking!
So glad we ventured off the strip and found this place. I've been so tired of overpaying for mediocre at best food. This isn't high end sushi, it's AYCE but that said...I'm glad this AYCE sushi joint isn't one where they have sushi out for people to sneeze on and put their dirty hands all over! //// ---- How it works:- For $26.95: Order whatever you want, as many times as you want from the waiter- Menu includes appetizers (miso soup, Japchae), skewers, nigiri, tempura rolls, deep fried rolls, classic rolls, no rice rolls and deserts! Whatttt///// ---- Would recommend:- getting any rolls with spicy tuna- asking for no sauce (their sauces were either heavy mayo or sweet) - swapping crab mixes for crab sticks (avoid all the heavy mayo)- skipping the skewers: most too oily, but if I had to pick one - go for the shrimp - passing on dessert: really wasn't impressed by the mochi or green tea ice cream, but hey it's included haha //// ---- Tips:- Free small Sapporo for Yelp review- ~5-10 min ride from encore depending on traffic Would definitely come back. Come early to avoid a wait, great service
Looking for inexpensive children's games for my WII to keep the grandkids occupied this summer, I stopped by to browse the used WII games. The games were priced $4-$32, with most around $9. This is less expensive than Gamestop and I picked out a couple of the $4 games.As I was checking out I noticed that the shelf above the games held all kinds of old game consoles (it almost was like a museum honoring past gaming machines). Parking is easy and close to the door.
Food was not bad but the the only bad thing is that you have to finish what you order. Especially the rice from the sushi, you had to finish it or else they will charge you extra for that. The baked mussels were good! Hot and juicy!
We just can't get enough Thai food lately, and Yupha's didn't disappoint.  We were there on a Friday at lunch time. The included salad and soup are modest, but a nice touch.  I ordered Prihk King, medium. The flavor was right-on, but the spice level was WAY higher than a typical medium.  The chicken and vegetables in the dish were fresh and tasty, not over or under-cooked.  Also at the table was the red curry, which was pretty standard, but very good.  That was ordered medium as well, and came out at a more expected spiciness.Service was prompt and friendly.  It was a great deal at $22 for two...would have been $17 without our two frosty Thai iced teas!
Awesome little shop! Been meaning to come here for ages, finally in the area for dinner, wasn't quite full enough so decided to check it out! Love how they not only have dozen plus flavours of creme brûlée but also authentic Belgian waffles and homemade ice cream! They offered us when we came in if samples of their ice cream and it got me hooked right away! As I was still a bit hungry from dinner I decided to indulge and try their Belgian waffles! So glad I did, usually I prefer light airy waffles and worry Belgian waffles might be too dense for my liking but nope it was just what I needed!  My friend ordered the honey lavender creme brûlée, I had the Belgian waffles with earl grey lavender! Can't wait to come back to check out all my top flavours of creme brûlée! (Ube, pandan coconut, Vietnamese coffee, Earl Grey)
The 3030 has quickly become my go to destination in the Junction (Serious hat tip to Hole in the Wall, that place is excellent too). The first thing you will notice when you enter the 3030 is that there is SPACE. This isn't your typical sardine-packed Dundas bar and you are not going to have to grind through a sea of people to get a drink. Sorry annonymous gropers, it's back to Red Light for you. You may have to wait to get a table but there is ample room in the back, and a second bar, so you don't need to lurk over peoples tables while they eat. Better still, pump some quarters in to the pinball machines while you wait. They few shows I have seen the acoustics have been OK. It's a large concrete box so you have to work with what you got, and they do a decent job. You will see the sound guy moving about the room checking levels. Gotta appreciate the effort. Pretty well rounded beer selection and the few small dishes I have ordered were pretty tasty, arrived promptly to the correct table (WHAAAAT), and were well priced. Most notable were the double w/ pork belly & Blue Mac & Cheese. I've read alot of complaints about the service, and personally can't speak to that. My experiences have always been pleasant. Sadly, It's not your servers fault it's January outside. If the menu doesn't tickle your fancy there's a pizzeria down the road called Little Caesers that does a pretzel crust pizza. :-oThe future is NOW.
Came for a weekend skate with my girlfriend and her little sister. Employees were all very nice, and courteous. Interior design was a bit lacking, as building is pretty dated and little to no effort was made to cover up the cinderblock construction. Seemed very 80s or 90s but not really in a good way. Food prices were good, but food itself was lackluster. I wanted a slice of pizza that was advertised on the menu and was told slices were not available and I'd have to buy a whole pizza that would take about 30 minutes to bake. Settled for a hot dog and watched as the stale bun crumbled apart after the first bite, but I guess I shouldn't expect a whole lot when it was $2.
Old stand by. Love this place. Try the chicken lollipops. Great place to meet up with friends before heading out to other adventures on an evening in Toronto
Very nice place to eat in this airport.  The green chilli burger was very spicy and perfectly flavorful.  Also as messy as can be.
FOOD: 5 stars. My food was amazing. I ordered a meal that essentially boils down to pancakes, bacon, sausage, eggs, and potatoes. But Eggspectation does it a bit differently in that all the items were STACKED. A bottom pancake with bacon on top, flanked by a middle pancake with sausage, and finally another pancake topped with an egg. It was delicious. Not an especially novel concept but combined with the absurdly delectable 100% pure Canadian syrup, this was a winner.VALUE: 4 stars. The price wasn't too bad, but this was close to the most expensive breakfast I had on my trip to Montreal. To be honest, any restaurant can make the brunch Eggspectation does, but I won't knock off too many points, considering the mood and ambiance of their outdoor seating is pretty top-notch.SERVICE: 3 stars. Our waiter wasn't the friendliest. I legitimately don't think he smiled a single time. When I asked for a straw, he seemed mildly annoyed and brought me one without the wrapper. That was kind of strange.TL;DR VERDICT: 4 stars. The food is great and the atmosphere is so Montreal, and despite a higher-than-average price and a blistering waiter who shall remain nameless, I'll be back if I ever visit the Royal Mountain.
It's been awhile since my last update and I will have to move Yupha's up on the list of thai places in the valley.  Every time I have gone since my last review I have liked the food even more and more.  I mainly eat the noodle dishes and they are vastly different than all the other thai restaurants.  At first I wasn't sure it was a good thing, but they have really grown on me.  They all tend to be saucier than other versions, but I have really grown to like it.  I'm not sure which way they are supposed to be as I have never been to Thailand so I will say they are good and different.  The staff is here has actually been consistently nice and helpfully.  Today I went for lunch and they were packed ( I actually had left another thai restaurant that had forgotten they had sat me ) but I was seated promptly and my food came out incredibly fast.  I will definitely keep coming here for lunch.Try:- Iced Thai Coffee- Pad Thai- Pad See Ew- Drunkin Noodles
Fantastic lesson on Moroccan cooking and how to adapt to your kitchen. We made lamb tangine and couscous. Chef Alyssa taught us in easy to understand steps and the helpers brought around the ingredients. I loved the goat cheese honey lavender cigar desserts. We went as a date night Valentines present and it was awesome.  You can reserve the date night table for a little more and cook together for more romance!
I'm not a huge fan of the icecream but I love this place all the same. Wonderful staff, great food, and the ambiance of atmosphere is always retro. Love it.
I stayed here for 5 days so here's the breakdown. PROS:I got a 600 sq ft. suite on the 32nd floor with a fat ass balcony, strip view,  2 42" plasmas, TV in the bathroom, bomb ass shower with a rain nozzle on the ceiling, jacuzzi tub with jets and speakers, fridge, and one helluva comfortable ass bed.This was easily the nicest room with best view of the strip I have ever been in. You can see the whole strip because this hotel is on the other side of the 15. From Mandalay Bay all the way down to the Stratosphere, you can see everything. Paid 120 a night for this place. This room is easily worth 3 times that.Staff was on point with luggage and valet. 24 hour room service. Ipod dock with speakers. Bunch of kitchen utensils, stove, stocked mini fridge (don't even think about pulling anything out of there I can only imagine a jack daniels shooter is like 12 bucks)Button you can flip on permanently that lights up the do no disturb sign outside your room.Safe and 2 closets. Comfortable couch. Free USA today paper.Self parking was literally a 100 foot walk to my car every time. Did I mention it came out to 120 a night? All in all I was real happy with the whole experience. CONS:At check in I found out I needed to have a 500 dollar authorization put a credit card (100 for each night). I wasn't told this at anytime by palms or the site I booked through. The front desk guy did it for 300 cash but that was money I planned on spending on coke and hookers. No phone book in the room (personal pet peeve)No ice machine on each floor (brought to you by room service one tiny ass bucket at a time. Internet costs 13 bucks a day.Long distance phone calls cost (get this) 5.00 for the first minute, 79 cents for each additional. (I found this out after I made 2 calls)Fridge could have been bigger. Room service costs an absolute fortune and there was some crazy 10 dollar mark up on my bill so with tip, 2 small pizzas cost me like 50 bucks. Early check out? Doesn't exist on a Friday.200 dollar charge if you smoke in the room. 300 dollar charge if you don't check out on time. Check out is 11am (brutal when you were at the strip club till 3:30 am) All in all I was amazed with the room and the view. Might be the nicest place I ever stay at but the list of cons brought it down a star for me.  The website you want to check for the best deals is www.tripres.com.
I've gone to this nail salon about 5-6 times/year for several  years now.  For me, it's very convenient with lots of stores, restaurants and a grocery minutes away and I love that you don't need an appointment.  The color choice is huge. So in the summer when I'm running errands I can just pop in there and there's normally not more than a 5-10 minute wait, but they do take appnts and there are a lot of regular clients.  There are even a few male clients.   I also LOVE that they're open on Sunday - yay!  A nice relaxing way to treat yourself at the end of the week.  Thursday, Friday and Sat. are their busiest days, but they have a full house of manicurists to handle the crowd.  I've had various levels of quality depending on who you get, but all seem to be well trained, perform their tasks very conscientiously with good hygiene practices and are pleasant to talk to.  It also seems to be well ventilated as I don't get that overwhelming chemical smell when I walk in.  If you find someone you really like, you can always make an appnt.  I have did that once with good results as they are very punctual.  Now this is not a luxury spa where you'll be given flavored coffee while you have a pedicure, its a moderately large, nails-only salon without a lot of fluff.  My only complaint is that the other side of being punctual is that sometimes I do feel a bit rushed.  I think the prices are fair - not cheap, but  not over-priced.There is a man that is the manager or owner who is normally in the front of the shop giving manicures and he is very friendly and knowledgeable and keeps things organized and everyone on schedule.  They also have another person in the front of the shop that is the sceduler, answes the phones, restocks supplies, etc.  I usually go for a pedicure without a massage every few months in the cold weather months to get rid of all that dried, dead skin and it feels sooo nice.  I get pedicures more frequently in the warmer months with an occasional manicure to treat myself if there's a special event coming up.  They have a long table in the front so you can sit and dry your toes or finger nails.
Pizza, pizza, pizza. Love it. Nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. Service is about 4 stars too.
Food is always good and so are the prices. Service however is slow. They have a great happy hour on sushi!
If you're like me, you get nervous with only 9 reviews.  And so here is number 10, and I'm keeping the current faith of 4 out of 5 stars.Normally I stay on the strip at the Mirage for about $99 a night after obnoxious resort fee.  But normally I do Sunday, Monday, Tuesdays, not popular weekends that can cost as much as $239 a night BEFORE the obnoxious aforementioned resort fee.  But I had great seats to finally see k. d. lang -- AND SO -- I went bargain shopping.All bargains led me to the Vegas Station casinos.  And all Yelp reviews cautioned that you get what you pay for.  And so the idea of abandoning the entire casino thing hit me and I was like, hey, how about a Hampton Inn way off the strip.  Instead I found this La Quinta.  Now, compared to the rooms and pool and spectacle of the Mirage, this was a joke.  But that's like comparing Carl's Jr to Houstons.  What I wanted was an affordable weekend rate -- which with AAA it was.  I also wanted some place to eat nearby in case I didn't feel like going all the way to strip quite yet.  Was I ever rewarded for that.Two restaurants are practically in the parking lot:  FIREFLY Spanish Tapas and SIENA Italian cuisine.  The tapas was okay, a little loud inside, but fun and cheaper than the strip.  SIENA was amazing and easily the best Italian food bargain on and off the strip (see my related review).  Both of these restaurants are important to consider, because the 'fancy' eats in the Mirage are twice the price but not twice the quality.  So here was a foodie's HUGE payoff for the gamble.Where my partner in crime and I got hosed was the pool and hot tub.  They had one of each.  They were clean.  They were small.  Someone made a decision whether parking was more important than the pool.  Parking won, which is unfortunate, because the pool was shrunken to ensure parking.  Instead of plants around the iron gates, you could hear every last noise of the adjacent apartment building complex.  Leaf blowers, trash collecting trucks, you name it.  It's strange that it was so noisy, because the hotel was otherwise quiet and cleverly off the main drag.The rooms were a beige blah and fake wooden furniture.  However, they were clean and the beds firm.  They do need to rework their window shades to ensure actual darkness because a ton of light pours in.So if you're used to strip elegance and demand it, pay through the eyeballs on the weekend to get it.  If, like me, you'd rather invest that mark up in good eats and see a few shows, this may be a place to try.  By the by, if you intend to stay here but visit the strip, you'll need a car.  Twenty minutes or so each way is ridiculous in a cab.  Thankfully many strip hotels offer free parking.One warning:  my first night of sleep was lousy.  This was the fault of the staff and not the room.  See, the room has this tricky way of working the AC, and my window AC unit should have had a sign telling me to ignore the unit's buttons and instead find the wall thermostat by the bathroom.  Basically, my best advice here - or in any such hotel when you're in this situation -- is too insist someone show you how to use it if you can't figure it out.One cool tip:  so you don't want to feel like a loser at this place but instead sip martinis in a fancy place?  THE RED ROCK CASINO is just minutes away.  Go there.  BE fabulous.  The savings at La Quinta will buy you a dinner with those martinis.
There was a 45 minute wait time on a Friday evening, but we got our table as promised. The menu was an interesting mix of authentic Mexican food and Mexican burgers. We went for the usuals, tacos, Fajitas and the burger. Our waitress was extremely friendly and provided us a great hospitality. There are hardly few waitresses who would care for your well being, she was one of them. Forgot to get her name. The chips and salsa were not the best but medium sized and okay. The food came in without much delay. I got the El Diablo burger and it was a killer! Double patty and super spicy! I tried but couldn't complete the whole burger in one sitting. Overall we had a good experience. And for an upscale restaurant that looked really fashionable it wasn't that expensive. 30 to 40$ for food and drinks for two! Great deal I would say. If you wouldn't mind the wait time, I say check it out!
Tax is included in prices and I like it. I feel like I save money. I can eat a lot by $8 or $9. Foods are good. I tired Poutine and Tacos and both were very good. I will come back regular basis more.
Went for a business dinner and sat on the patio....it was HOT, but so pretty.  Wine was a very good price, service was fine and the food was lovely.
Solid thai food in Old Town!  My uncle turned me on to this place a few years ago and I try to make it here at least once per visit.To start:Siamese Kisses - I would consider these a thai version of shu mai with chicken instead of the traditional pork.  Six small dumplings stuffed with chicken and shrimp are paired with a chili paste and a soy sauce with green onion.  Very good appetizer for sharing!Entrees:Chicken Panang Curry - Probably my favorite on the menu.  It's loaded with flavor and spice and has plenty of chicken in it!  Put that over some rice and I'm in heaven.Drunken Dragon Noodles - I want to love it, but it just seems like another version of phad thai.  They consider it to be phad  kee mao, but I've never had phad kee mao with phad thai noodles.  I love it with the wide noodles.  I also thought the sauce should've been a little sweeter and there were way too many bean sprouts.  Flavors were decent, but I'll try something else next time.Dessert:Mango and Sticky Rice - This stuff is so addicting with the condensed milk on top!The service is outstanding and I love the atmosphere (even if it isn't very traditional Thai decor) and especially enjoy sitting on the patio if it's not too hot out.
Very nice staff who took the time to explain everything on the menu and offered us samples. This is actually a big chain in the U.S that just opened first store in Canada. There is Italian ice, milkshakes, frozen custard and more. We tried the gelati with the mango italian ice and vanilla frozen custard. It was sooooo refreshing and mango flavour was delicious as real fruits are used. The frozen custard is like a soft serve ice cream but with a more rich taste. Overall, good value for what we were getting!
Great atmosphere.  The pho is declining in quality compared to a year ago.  Service is good.
Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings. They do fried dogs too and it's great. Beer selection is obviously fantastic. Check our their beer cave!
Great meals and you absolutely get your money's worth.  We usually get two meals from every entree.Restaurant is always busy so expect a wait especially during the winter months.
Do not come in here expecting a feast or buffet, the food is simple and the menu is small. We actually ordered a meal that was not on the menu, but had a selection of different meats. The meat was absolutely perfect and tender, and better since we cooked it to our liking. There were three different kinds of meats. It said it came with vegetables. But only three small slices of veggies came, you might want to order a separate dish of vegetables. We also ordered the kimchi fried rice, which was very large. We did not finish it with two people. We left perfectly satisfied and not feeling disgustingly full. Which is probably why that person walked in and right back out. We found the staff very nice and helpful. The meat was spectacular, it is definitely the focus of this place. I've caught the older gentleman who works at Ichiza eating here before.
The food, service, everything is fantastic here. We love the warmth everytime we step in the door. As soon as you walk in you're  greeted with a warm hello and tonight was seat yourself please. We ordered everything from fried chicken to burgers and the best for me, tonight's special which was prime rib. Not a bad price of 16.99 which included a potato and a vegetable. I chose mashed which were nice and fluffy and I devoured them. We chose to pass on dessert tonight but we did start with a zucchini appetizer which was fresh and tasty. You will never go home hungry, this joint is a diamond in the rough.
He always said we should have a nice proper steak dinner.  But every single time I'm in town, we end up skipping the whole steak thing.  But this time, his boyfriend had a client to impress, so we off we went on a steak dinner.  Yay me!Anyhow, since it is rare back home in Honolulu to find a filet with bone in, that's what they got.  Myself, because my eating habits have changed (boo!!) I opted for the petite filet.  I know, sad, right?  I got 8 ounces of meat!  Not the 12 ounces they ordered.  I got my meat rare, cold center, hot plate.  Mmmm I just love a good piece of meat especially when you can control how you're gonna receive it.  I got it just the way I want it, which is actually hard to come by.  I'll take it the way I want it.  He says out loud, "you think you know a person," when I ordered my meat rare.  Oh, honey, you've known me for how many years now, and you still don't know how I like my meat?  As rare as can be is how I like it and I got a true piece of meat perfection.  You know that I ate all of it!  I love me some meat!The rest of the dishes were typical.  Salads, soups, sides were just regular, nothing extraordinarily spectacular to really write about.  The portions for those items are generous, I must say.  We did order a bottle of wine to go with dinner.  I think it was a shiraz.  I didn't pick it out, but it did go well with dinner.  And since it was their birthday, there was dessert.  Not 1, but 2, since two of them were celebrating.  One was a butter cake and the other a chocolate cake.  How nice, right?  We couldn't finish the desserts, but I must say they were very rich and of course yummy.Would I return again?  Most definitely!  It's good that this place was a nice walk from our hotel.  I sure am glad that they are open late, since my eating habits were out of wack.  I love me some meat!!
Great customer service. Our server was very friendly and helpful. We ordered their ox tail fried rice, and it was sooo good and not dry like most fried rice. Super moist, just how I like!!;) I would def come back here again when I'm in Vegas!!!
Food is good, service is good.  Breakfast is very reasonable and you get a lot.  The waitress is very willing to satisfy you if you want to add or change something.  Everyone is welcoming.  Can not beat the food for the price.  Fish and chips are great, also the burgers top.
A golden hotel without a casino. You think Trump would have built an elevated golden sidewalk to lead his masses from the hotel to at least Fashion Show, but sadly no... A bit of jay walking, dodge that taxi and loffers in the dirt get you to the strip. On the bright side, the 49th floor standard room has a GREAT view of the strip, is super spacious, has free Wi-Fi, kitchenette & a WHIRLPOOL Tub! Well worth the Jay Walking ;D
I, along with three friends, went to this location on Saturday night. It was very busy, and there were lines, but they moved along pretty quickly. The Dining Host table gave us an estimate for the wait for a table, and they were pretty much on the mark! We played several of the MANY, many games until we received the text message that our table was ready. I was impressed with the menu!  Great selections, including beer and mixed drinks. The only reason that this review is not 5-star goes to food service. Let me be clear... the selection was great, and the food quality was great, but the service was struggling. We had a wonderful  waitress - very friendly and knowledgeable, but either she was overwhelmed, OR they aren't properly organized. I don't attribute that to her, but to food service management. We had a very good meal, but it took a long time. The waitress got her full tip, management got four stars instead of five.All that being said - go there!  It is so much fun! Everyone enjoyed the evening and we will return soon.
I had the chicken burger and it was good!! Nice and juicy and cooked to perfection!! Very good. Fries weren't all that seasoned well, I added salt to my ketchup for dipping. Nice cozy environment. Would eat here again!!
First time at D'Angelo's in Twinsburg (I gather that they are related to Casa D'Angelo in Macedonia, which we always like).Everything was great.  I had the tortellini with grilled chicken (in a very nice pink sauce) and my wife had the scallops with risotto.  The scallops were very slightly salty, but tender and tasty and the risotto was excellent.  Nice piece of tiramisu for dessert.  Had a $12 off coupon, so with two coffees and a glass of wine it was $57.  Not cheap, but the food was very good.Very good service too and a very friendly waitress.  Will definitely be back.
I was very hesitant to try it because im not a fan of the cold. My husband and i both went and really enjoyed it! Staff were very helpful and kind. My mood almost immediately improved and i felt more relaxed. My husband says his back feels much better- only negative thing i will say is that i had the localized cryo on my neck. Its been several days and ive been in incredible amounts of neck pain. It almost feels like a stiff neck. I wouldnt do the localized treatment again.
The veggie wrap is good, there are bands Wed., Thurs., & Sat. ....oh yeah and lots 'o draft beer - available in pitchers. Half off appetizers during happy hour (4-7). Lots of flat screens (even outside) to watch sports. No cover UFC. Good service and personable management. I would give 5 stars if they added a bike rack.
Solid Chinese restaurant with a good variety.  They cover a range of Chinese cuisines but do a good job.  Free tea on the table.  Chicken with Chili Oil was pretty good.  Lamb with Cumin not so good.  The lamb had too much sauce.  I normally order this at Sichuan restaurants and it is drier.Asian Legend is a solid choice in the area and I would go back.
My first vietnamese restaurant in town like their pho and spring roll.
Yes......just yes. Beautiful restaurant, very enjoyable experience and ambiance. Went for brunch....the American breakfast was HUGE and delicious. Perfect eggs, the bacon and sausage were sooooo good....literally melt-in-your-mouth sausage. The potato croquettes were amazing and unique. The brioche toast was a let down....2 soggy flavorless pieces of toast but I try not to eat bread so that was ok with me. The bread they brought for the table was hot, fresh and crispy, and the cranberry jam unique and amazing. The BF's Croque-Madame was out of this world. Fries were good. Chocolate croissant was good...nothing mind blowing but pretty good. Over all, great, filling, quality brunch in a beautiful space.
My husband and I have brought our son to see both a Pediatric Urologist and a Pediatric Neurologist at Phoenix Children's Hospital, as well as having had services like MRI's conducted at the hospital.   Each experience has been positive - as far as any medical visit could be.   The waits haven't been long.  The staff has been courteous.  The followup has been great.   The facilities are gorgeous.   I would add a couple of opportunities for improvement (which is why there is one star missing from this review).  First, I think that they should add the ability to send email confirmations for appointments.   (In the one instance, the hospital called to schedule an MRI while we were on vacation and I had no way to write down the appointment time.  When I asked if they could send me an email confirmation, they said they weren't set up to do that).   The second opportunity is with the main parking garage.  The security guards were "quizzing" us as to the purpose of our visit.   My husband and I were both perplexed as to the line of questioning.  I think they should coach the security staff to phrase the question better -- especially if it's meant to be helpful.Other than that, I recommend this hospital, services, and staff to any parent who needs pediatric services.  This is a top notch hospital!!!
I came here for the Lego Kids Fest, and as intimidating as that sounds, the convention center staff and the Lego associates kept this event running smoothly.  The convention center is very clean and easily accessible for anyone wanting to come in and visit, with elevators and escalators located everywhere for you to use.  With a Starbucks located inside, as well as a Bojangles, you really wouldn't have to go too far for all of your basic needs.
I have decided that all the flower are buy to give as gift are going to be addible. It just makes for a better gift, not only to the arrangements look beautiful you can even eat them, better than throwing away dead flowers.I come here often and I have never been disappointed, the best thing to do is to order your arrangement on line and pick it up at the locations near you. This location is on my way home so it is convenient for me. The flower shaped fruit look great, and it is a creative use of the fruit plus you can cover them in chocolate. Just about anything covered in chocolate can be made better! The prices are very reasonable for fresh fruit, there are a lot of styles to choose from and they will hand wright a card for you. This makes a great gift for any occasion.
The fish and chips are delicious, particularly in the summer when the truck offers it for takeaway. Dining in the restaurant is good and I love the cornbread. My typical order is coconut shrimp and a seafood pasta. I've tried most things on the menu except for the steak. I can't recall specific details for each entree, but it's a restaurant I return to with my family.  We are always satisfied afterwards with leftovers too.
This a nice mall in Chandler. There are quiet a few restaurants and stores around the mall which also makes it more appealing to visit this mallIt has 3 main department stores. Dillard's, Macy's, Nordstrom. Also has quiet a few Mallish  stores. The food is decent size and has quiet a variety of food options. The mall is well kept and has plenty of parking Overall a good option to do some shopping in the phoenix area. In my opinion after the  Scottsdale  fashion center, the best option Tip: Dillard's prices on its proprietary brands offer good quality items, but sometimes at regular price might be overprice, but when in sale or clearance, they are a bargain
We went for a Monday night happy hour just to check the place out without hoards of people around.  It's a beautiful set-up - classy, comfortable furniture, pool with cabanas for rent as well as plenty of free seating with lounge chairs and pool tables inside.  We had 3 appetizers and loved them all (shrimp ceviche, carnitas tacos and chicken quesadilla) - quality and quantity were great for happy hour food.  Drinks were just ok - they were 2 for 1 and filled up to the rim with ice.  It's built as a party place for sure, but early in the week could be a nice atmosphere to relax poolside during Happy Hour!
C'était la grande ouverture aujourd'hui et je passais par hasard.  Service très sympathique et beau concept.  Un plus dans le quartier.
I came here for lunch sometime when I krave for some good pizza...The price is fantastic and the pizza is pretty good...It's not on top of my list but it serves its purpose for a quick lunch...People are mostly buy it togo...there are limited table to dine in...It made to QG approved list only if i'm around the area...not really driving across town just for it!
A pretty diverse drink menu, filled with many craft brews & ciders. The smoked pulled pork & beef brisket were delicious & generous in portion size. This place is always busy around typical meal times, but usually quiet in between. (We go around 3 or 4pm & sit right down.) Try the burnt ends if they aren't sold out for the day!
Dinner with the wife. We sat in the lounge for the music and ASU game ( Yes They WON ) Our waiter was Andy,he did a pretty good job. Always checking with us and making sure we were happy. We started with the Tuna Ahi for an App. and it was very good.  I order the Bone in Filet and ordered it med Rare with solid pink through-out. About 1/3 of the way into it I discovered it was not Med Rare. The lights in the lounge are very low. It tasted good But would have been better I am sure if it was cook correctly. It had great taste but it didn't have that "melt in your mouth" feeling like I have had at Eddie V's or Flemmings.
Can I say how amazing it is to drive less than 5 miles for a trader joes?! If you've never been, lots of organic and non gmo foods, but also many pre packaged things, like bagged onions vs picking your own.  No butcher, no deli, and limited on 'regular" supermarket items like cherrios and windex, but you will find "trader joe-o's" They have great food stuffs, but this can't be the only market you shop at
We went for breakfast today.  I had the western omlet and my husband had the SOS "chip beef on toast". My omlet was light and tasted fresh.  My husband said the SOS was as good as his old navy days. He enjoyed it. The coffee was hot, fresh but a bit weak.  But nothing on the breakfast menu was over 6.95. Pretty impressive!  Its good wholesome food at a great price. The bill for 2 of us was $14.00 before tip. I definitely will be back. The waitress was ok. Not too friendly but pleasant. That and the coffee is why I gave them a 4.
How can only one other person have reviewed Childsplay?  Are yelpers not parents as well?  Ok, technically, I'm not a parent by biological means.  I'm a Step-Mom.  The friggin' best Step-Mom you're ever gonna meet!  I'm recommended by 100% of my step-children and their father as well.Sorry, enough about me.  Let's talk about how great I am to have taken my youngest Steppie to see "Peter and the Wolf."  Thanks to her Music teacher, who teaches to the only class of redeeming value being taught in the "Excelling" Scottsdale Unified School District, dear Steppie has fallen in love with Sergei Prokofiev's "Peter and the Wolf."  She will hum the different instruments' parts while riding in the back seat of the car and will yell out, "Guess which animal that was!"  She's adorable.  There I go on another tangent.  Apologies.  When I saw that Childsplay was offering this adaptation of PATW, I figured it was time to expose the child to a little culture and the great world of...The Stage!  It was presented at Tempe Center of the Arts (which will receive a positive review from me when time allows) in their Studio.  This offered an excellent, up-close view of the little stage from pretty much and seat in the house.The actors and their costumes really made this a treat for both kids and adults.  As any Muppet Movie of the 1980s will exemplify, the presentation must be entertaining more to the children's parents than to the children themselves.  Why?  If we A-dults sufficiently hate the means of entertainment that our little ones enjoy ever so much, we will find ways for said means to be accidentally, say, sucked up by the vacuum, or buried in the litter box, or somehow otherwise rendered unplayable.  Even if it means seeing the pall of disappoint envelop their cherubic faces, it also means never hearing that damn, purple dinosaur sing another creepy, mind-consuming ditty.The cast was made up of truly talented and enthusiastic artists.  Sure, there was a bit of "over-acting," but this was a Childsplay production, not a staging of "Remains of the Day."  The costuming was brilliant, detailed, and full of color and texture.  And the Q and A session held after the performance allowed for the children to come up to the stage to speak to their favorite characters, ask questions about method-acting and stage production, etc.Completely affordable and a fun afternoon that my step-daughter is still talking about six weeks later.
We came here because of yelp reviews and it was close to where we had been staying for the week.  Hubby and I shared the Popeye's scramble with an upgrade to the  banana cream pancakes. We both also ordered coffee too.  Our waitress was so sweet and always kept checking on us by making sure our cups of water and coffee were always topped of which I appreciated. I am so glad that I read the reviews to know that the portions here were very generous.   Needless to say, the hubby and I were very happy we shared our plate.  It was a lot of food and enough to fill us both up. The coffee was so good too!  I definitely would come back to eat here again if ever in the area again.  The price we paid for four of us and the large amount of food was very affordable.
Ambiance: 4. Small and intimate both inside and out, the new restaurant allows you to feel connected to the neighborhood surroundings as well as the wait staff and cooks.  We sat outside with a great backdrop of the botanical gardens and Glidden House next door (along with a seemingly full working outdoor "kitchen') which I highly recommend (far more spacious than what can be a claustrophobics nightmare inside). That said, one caveat is the bianco and pasta tasting menus are only available indoors.Cost: 3. Foodie-sized portions are taken to another level here versus some other spots in Cleveland. Also, tickets for the indoor tasting are more expensive for walk-ups than buying tickets online ahead of time ($100 for bianco) - fair? Probably not. The staff, experience, and of course food are no doubt are the cause of the extra money you're spending... which felt well worth it.Food Quality: 5. Trentina's menu is modeled after Northern Italian cuisine. We had salad, the infamous Strangolapreti, lamb shoulder, and beef brisket (true outside grilling fun). All were A+, except for the lamb shoulder which personally was just a little on the fatty side for me, even understanding it's lamb. For desert, try the olive oil ice cream, it's fairly dense but a delicious gamechanger.Service: 5. Service was prompt and courteous. Both J. Sawyer & his restaurant manager were heavily involved making sure both patio and indoor diners were happy.When to return: Showing off Cleveland to foodies. Summertime to sit on the patio. Small group special occasion (the inside seating is limited). When you need a break from the E 4th / Ohio City / Tremont food scenes.
This place just recently open in my neighbourhood. The inside of the restaurant had a nice sitting area, small but clean. I had as take out. I got my family 2 chicken dinner and pork dinner and a chicken on pita. The chicken is so flavourful! The rice was well season as well. Overall it taste really good, I would def come back if I was craving for this.
Cool coffee shop - good espresso machine - nice folks - Cartel Coffee beans - what's not to love?  (Normally a rhetorical question, but, in this case, the parking - if you can't find a spot there, you can park across the way at the drug store - they pay for overflow parking there).Good place to come in, get some java and relax.  Check them out!
Stopped in here to try it out one day and loved it. You get to choose a breakfast item and customize it with a bagel of your choice. Orange juice it fresh. You can see the workers work and it's clean. I just didn't like the way my iced coffee was made, maybe because it explained it horribly. However, there is a coffee refill station, so I didn't waste anything there. Bonus is that they sell day old bagels by the dozen for really cheap!
I went for rolls, had the coconut and Mango roll, and spider roll.  Coconut roll was great, Spider roll not quite as crunchy as I like.  Miso soup was very good, although not a Japanese standard version, it was some variation of that.   Hot Sake cheap and good. Waiter was great, although he kept kissing up to the couple at the next table.  Kind of annoyingI don't order sushi here, but I do always like the rolls.
Awesome wings! Get them grilled for sure.....great food, fun atmosphere.
A very fun place to take a Barre class. Staff is very welcoming if your a regular or a beginner. The workout goes by quick and instructors a fun! Parking can be a little tight but I have never not been able to find a spot. Looking forward to trying the baby and me classes in the spring!
I used a living social voucher for my appointment at TrendSetter Eyewear. The cleanliness and ambiance of the lobby and facilities was amazing, I felt like I was at the spa, not getting my eyes checked. I only had to wait a couple minutes, and while I was waiting, was shown what frames I could shop from that the voucher included. I went in knowing I just wanted a basic pair, so I was happy with the selection. (I noticed a lot of incredibly stylish higher-end selections, that if I had the extra money at the time, I probably would've been very tempted to buy!) I received a lot of personal attention, and my glasses were mailed to me for a very affordable rate. (I was about to move out of state within days, and they squeezed me in last minute!) Dr. Payne was so pleasant, as was everyone there, and I even got my prescription emailed to me per my request, many weeks after my appointment and receiving my pair of glasses from them. Would recommend this business to anyone.
Great new remodel. Food is good and a better atmosphere than before. The only thing that sucks is the wifi only 1 MB download speeds... really sucks
While I am not in love with Wildflower, I do have to mention the great service we had recently. We have food allergies, so we are "those people" when we place an order. CarolAnne was very patient and friendly with us AND she got our order entered correctly on the first try! It sounds funny but that doesn't happen very often. We told the manager how sweet she was and she was happy to hear that as this is CarolAnn's first job. Keep up the friendly service CarolAnne! I also noticed new management at this location, which was much needed.
I'm picky when it comes to ethnic food but this place is as good as it can get for Henderson. When I crave for fast Greek food I come here. Reasonable prices, very generous portion sizes and very friendly staff! I don't know if authentically though if fries comes as a side.
Great food, really nice outside space. Tasty beers and cocktails. Had an American IPA which is a typical mainstay of any local brewery. Really nice spot for a couple of out-of-towners for some respite from chain restaurants.
I love the food in New Orleans, so I was looking forward to trying this place out. The staff was very friendly, and great with answering any questions. I ordered a lot of food, but I wanted to try a lot  of items. I had the Crawfish Chowder, Red Beans and Rice, Jambalaya, and some free Hush Puppies for checking in on Yelp. The crawfish chowder was good, with a bit of a black pepper kick, which I liked. I'd probably enjoy eating this more when it isn't 110 degrees outside....haha. The red beans and rice was ok, but I was a little disappointed. I love red beans and rice, so I supposed I expected too much. The jambalaya was good, but I was hoping it would be a little better. It was quite tasty, though. The hush puppies were really good. I don't think I was expecting them to be as good as they were. I liked the food, but if you're looking for something comparable to food in New Orleans, I don't think this is the place. It would be better to come here without those expectations. I did enjoy my experience, and I did enjoy the food. If I'm ever in this part of town, I wouldn't have a problem stopping by again.
For the price you pay, you cant go wrong with it.  The breakfast special comes with egg omelette, noodles, toast and a hot drink for 6 bucks.. you cant go wrong with that..
When you want sushi in the area, Lan Sushi is currently your only option, but thankfully they do everything just right.I have many friends who go to Lan Sushi so frequently (because they like it so much) that the hostess knows them all by name. I find the owner (or head chef, I'm not sure) always has a friendly smile going on when I go in, which feels especially warm when he walks out to give you a complementary hand roll while you wait for your meal to go.The sushi's good quality, but smaller than what I'm used to. For a meal I'll always order two dishes from Lan, which usually does the trick.tI don't recommend eating in the restaurant. You can, and I have, but it's pretty pointless. It's a takeout shop and the atmosphere doesn't really help you enjoy your food or your company (people are always coming in and out of the store right beside you and are all just ordering or standing around and waiting for their food. So just take it to go and enjoy it at home.
Weird I went to London before I experienced Indian Food, we know the British love their curries and take away. I went to the Tandoori Flame Restaurant a couple times in the last month, both times I went the food consistency was great. The buffet was outstanding, great flavor, good choices, if you like it hot, they offer additional sides of sauces to try around the buffet area. I think it great value for the price. Compared to the Host Indian Buffet no comparison, Host cannot even come close. It's well worth the trek to the Brampton.
I came in for a quick lunch on Tuesday and really enjoyed it. I had the chicken souvlaki pita with a side of chipotle hummus. It said the lunch special came with fries, but they didn't charge me to switch it out, which was nice. The pita was great-- fresh pita, moist chicken, perfect amount of sauce. The hummus was also very good and you get a ton of it, along with pita bread. Unfortunately, although I like it, the chipotle flavor didn't go with the chicken souvlaki. I think next time I would sub a salad.
My boyfriend and I came in here for the first time for dinner. I had Lasagna and my boyfriend had the waiter by the name of Jared build him a pizza it was very good and we had chicken wings. The restaurant was very clean but it felt a little warm in here. I would recommend this place to my friends. We will be back to try their chicken.
Lets just say that any place that has footlong sandwiches for less than $3 automatically gets at least 3 stars. I've had sandwiches in more authentic places and honestly, they werent that much better. For those people who are not so keen into the Vietnamese style sandwiches they do have delicious sandwiches on buttery broissants for not too much more. Lee's seems to do a little bit of everything, and they do it pretty decently. The smoothies and boba here are pretty run of the mill, nothing too special. The gelato is sub-par compared to other places nearby. However, the danishes and baked goods are pretty good and all for a good price. I would stay away from the lettuce-ridden goi-cuon(vietnamese summer rolls) and the pate chauds which are more of a hassle to clean up than anything and way too much work to get at the tiny ball of pate in the middle. Some shining stars there are the grilled pork sandwich, the special combination sandwich, and the hot ham and cheese croissant pastries(make sure to get there early so these are fresh).  Don't forget to bring cash although they do have an atm right in the middle of the restaurant.
I brought a large group here for a friend's bachelor party. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive, though the food was somewhat slow to come, perhaps due to the large size of the group.The steaks were all perfectly cooked and delicious, and the signature complimentary popovers were also quite tasty. We also received an amuse bouche of chicken liver pate and crostini which, though not in line with my personal taste, was a nice touch. Our waiter was also able to recommend a nice bottle of wine which was reasonably priced. My one complaint was the deserts, which each lacked flavor and creativity. All in all I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
I had a Groupon and enjoyed my curry of the day! The rice was good and the curry was pretty good too. I would go back again to try more of the dishes!
Had the fried smelt and they were great with my beer.  Good service, and they were playing Beetlejuice behind the bar!
Pretzel sticks beer and burgers.
After being disappointed by the lackluster turnout for Go Topless day, we headed to Fugu for a late lunch.  We opted for some small dishes to fill the gaping void in me left from last night's festivities.I ordered the Sichuan Pork Wontons in chili oil and Hot & Sour soup. The wontons arrived fully submerged in a sea of slightly spicy oil. While it seemed a little excessive, the wontons were delicious. The combination of both was just what I needed to fill me up.Pro tip: skip out on the General Tso's and order from the Sichuan menu section. Chicken with Spicy and Sour Garlic Sauce is always on point.
Little bit busy, but was well taken care of.  Beer selection was great, bartender complemented every selection. Only problem was it is a burger place too, and too much bun for the burger.  Bun bites are bad. Give me more meat.
I have now eaten here 3 times.  It is such a great place. The general manager Allen jumps right in and serves if he is needed too. The waitstaff could not be nicer.  The seafood is so incredible fresh.  We get the ny strip with hollandaise.  The sauce is not overwhelming or salty. It is delicious. The only issue is with the waffle fries. Not meaty enough. They need to cut them a bit bigger because they come off as potato crisps and kind of weird texture.  The crab totstada could be eaten every single day. Put a little acid in it and it willCome alive. What a great and fun place.  Looking forward to going back again. Btw the sushi is sooooo fresh it tastes like it was just swimming. Try the scallop.
Stayed at the Hampton Inn - Uptown. Came in from California. It was .47 mi to the Greenway and then a beautiful run for 4.7 mi. Great run! Would recommend to anyone.
Pop Up Pizza was conveniently located next to the elevator going to my room, so of course I had to try it. If you're staying at Plaza, look out for their coupon too! My welcome booklet came with a deal on two slices of cheese and a drink, but I just asked if I could pay a little extra for toppings.The storefront is cool looking and they were playing a lot of dubstep...probably because it was EDC week. The workers there were friendly, and even though there is no soda fountain outside, you can still get free refills of your drink by asking.I got a slice of their White Chapel pizza (ricotta and spinach) as well as a generic meat lovers. The White Chapel is sooo goooood! The other one was tasty too, but I preferred the White Chapel despite the lack of meat. The slices are pretty big, and I really liked the crisp yet chewy crust. Dare I say I liked it better than Secret Pizza, a Vegas joint on the strip that also has NY style pizza? What they have on this place is location, but Pop Up Pizza is cheaper, faster, and equally (if not more) delicious. Food: 4, Service: 4, Environment: 4, Price: 3
I was pretty excited about trying this place out after looking at posted photos on YELP and reading a descriptive menu online.Smiling employees upon arrival. Morning Torta is very good. Breakfast burrito is very good. I would definitely go back.
This is the best burrito in Charlotte in my opinion.  I have been to Phat Burrito too and was unimpressed.  They have more meat selections than your typical Moe's, Chipotle, Qdoba, etc.  They load the burrito up with toppings and they don't charge extra for guac (YES!!).  The hot sauces they have are HOT and I love it!  It sucks this place is uptown or else I would be a regular.
Apps are great especially the Fish Taco. 24 oz Aged Sirloin is off the charts! Waitstaff quick on my drinks - Glenlivets scotch on the rocks. Only caveat it was very loud, had to shout to talk...small dining room, that's why 4 stars instead of 5.
Totally decent British-style fish and chips. I suggest the curry dipping sauce. No bathroom though.
We've stayed at South Point several times over the years and find it is just as nice as it was when it opened.  The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, as well as large.  Whether you get a king or 2 queen beds, there is tons of room to spread out.  The sheets are clean and comfortable enough, and the bath products are decent.  The casino is clean and offers a variety of slots, tables and sports book.  There are several different types of restaurants, including fast food like the deli and Seattle's Best coffee shop.  The gift shop offers decently priced beer/ wine.  There is also a bowling alley that offers $1 per person bowling after midnight ($3 for shoe rental), and a movie theater with lots of new movies that stays open late.  The Bingo hall is upstairs also and offers plenty of seating.  There is also an equestrian center that hosts rodeo and horse shows.We like to stay here when the price is right.  M's work has their conference/training once per year here.
GREAT restaurant for families. My wife and I go with our 2 kids (age 4 and 2) and have gone with other families multiple times.The service has been excellent and gets us in and out quickly (always important with kids) and is very understanding.Food-wise, I recommend the carnitas and my wife likes their enchiladas. Their homemade guacamole is phenomenal and they make it right by your table.  recently had the shrimp quesadilla which was only ok.they also make great margaritas that are quite strong (again helping with the kids!)It's not the cheapest Mexican place but worth it service-wise.
They have a large selection of books. Crystals were reasonably priced. They had plenty of astrology related jewelry.
food is great. love their ramen and the black cod. haven't had anything that I didn't enjoy there. just a little too load for my taste.
Nice course. Definitely over priced. Fairways are wide. Rough is generous. Greens are very challenging but well cared for. Staff is nice too.
This park is located on the West side of town which is out of my way. Nevertheless, I make the drive a few times a week or at least on weekends.As many others have noted, this park is HUGE. It has a walking/running track, tennis courts, a basketball court, and a long grass field which can used as a soccer, baseball and a football field.It's nice watching kids play, couples jogging and dog owners walking their dogs. Hearing laughter and playful sounds from people at the park is always welcome.Personally, one of the main reasons I come to this park is the views it offers from the top overlooking the field below. It also gives you a great view of the sunset as the sun settles down behind the mountain.Another reason why I frequent this park, it's because I write songs as a hobby and this setting helps me relax and rest while thinking of lyrics to write.Anyways, there is plenty of parking on the north and south side which both lots can be access through Decatur and Tropicana.It's quite pleasant and shall continue my visits to this scenic place. So for those of you who enjoy going to parks but haven't made it to this one, check it out. Charlie Frias Park might become one of your favorites.
Cute and quite. Drink came with the most amazing ice cube. Good verity of wines and live music on a Tuesday night. Hidden gem.
This was our first time here tonight. I haven't had a pedi in 6 months.... And it's been years for my husband... Yes years.When you first walk in... There's an odd smell I couldn't put my finger on. Turns out it is paint. They are doing some sort of construction here.I am glad I made an appointment. There have been at least 6 walk ins in the hour that wr have been here.Their polish is pretty disorganized, and hard to navigate through. There are four shelves with it just everywhere. I was successful in finding something sparkly.They use a lot of OPI product here. Their deluxe pedi that we are getting is 55minutes for $40. It includes a scrub and a white tea mask.The massage wad decent, and not rushed. Staff was friendly when we asked about the thai place next door (stick e rice) .Feet feel smooth. Husband is relaxed. What more can you ask for.... Besides dinner
This store is great for sight seeing but it's too busy an unorganized to find anything.  I love the concept but if you're going to be over the top you need an organizational plan to find items.
Came here with a bunch of people to watch the Panthers slaughter the Cardinals (which we did).  I mean the place is okay but geez you need to upgrade your outdoor seating space; there's plastic instead of windows, there was only one heater in 30-degree weather, and the speakers out there were dated and didn't give the feeling of being at a football.But it's a bar.  Just drink some more and it'll start looking better.
My husband and I recently moved to the area and so far this is "our go to Thai Restaurant" even though it's a good 20 minutes away. It's location in Old Town sets the ambiance for a perfect date night.  We have our staples when it comes to Thai food which we always split. The Pad Thai for him with tons of protein and the Panang Curry for me with tons of Vegetables, both ordered spicy.  This is the second time we went and will be back again.    I was compelled to write this because it was THE BEST Chicken Panang curry I have ever tasted. It had a smooth tomato base that you could only taste a hint of the tomato it was absolutely creamy, divine, and flavorful. I was going to have to poke his hand if he kept taking it because I wanted it all for myself.  So good that I told the waitress that she had to tell the chef compliments. It opened up my husbands stuffy nose, but the spice was not so strong you couldn't taste the delicious flavors.  If you have ever been turned off by a yellow curry and said curry is not for me, Please give this dish a try. Again, the best I have ever eaten in 3 states that I have lived in.  Unfortunately we are not impressed with the Pad Thai.  The only way we can describe it is that somehow they Americanized it.  Not very flavorful and the noodles always are stuck together. If you put your fork in it, it will lift the whole plate almost.  We had to order bean sprouts which usually come with a pad Thai and felt like it was missing the peanuts or eggs or both. Next time, we are going to try the Drunken Noodles, and I can't wait to!  I give 2 thumbs up even though the pad Thai wasn't the best, overall the service was great, and so was the food.  Thank you Malee's for your existence and keep up the good work! Love, love, love!
The name itself is pretty self explanatory.  You can pretty much get a hot dawg any way you like it.  Although I've never tried a Chicago Dog in Chicago, D's Chicago Dogs are one of my faves on their menu.  D's also makes a mean chili which is good on your dawgs or pomme frites.  Not to mention the plethora of beer!! They have almost every beer imaginable (unfortunately not on tap). D's is a local favourite and is definitely worth a try when visiting Pittsburgh.
It's actually not bad and delivers what it promises - great gelato. The place is small like any other ice cream place and the garbage gets pretty packed and grossly looking. But let's talk ice cream here. They are great. You can mix flavours for a single scoop and go nuts with your favourite flavour. Try pistachio, I dare you. You will never go back. Ever heard of that saying? Of course you do!It sits humbly squeezed in between places that are rather pretentious. The high heeled don't come here but the hip crowds do. If you want gelato, come and gain weight. It's addictive. I warned ya!
The food, environment, and overall service was great. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. The place could be a little cleaner which is why only 4 stars.
Solid 4 stars. Food was great! Also had the fried ice cream and it was very good. Service was good but not great. My server didn't seem happy to be working and was quick to get me out of there. Otherwise, she was prompt and didn't mess up my order. My wife wants to come back.
Crescent Ballroom is the first venue I can think of in Phoenix that is actually a cool place to watch live music, AND eat a satisfying meal. I was intrigued when I heard it was another place to watch a good show, but it definitely became a priority when I heard that Chris Bianco (owner of Pizzeria Bianco) and Doug Robson (owner of Gallo Blanco) were in charge of the restaurant on the other side of the door.During my first visit, we were there to support a band and only had time for chips and guac (yum), but the rest of the food looked great! I will make sure I get there with plenty of time to spare before our next trip to Crescent so i can enjoy more of what their kitchen has to offer.As far as a music venue goes, I was impressed. Great sound, and juuuust small enough to feel intimate, but big enough to accommodate a good amount of people. Bleacher seats in the back are a nice reward for people that are early to their  show.
Best Japanese restaurant in Cleveland, specially in terms of value. Sushi and sashimi always fresh. Sometimes a little bit crowded, with waiting times, but that's the price of being a god place. I go there on a regular basis and recommend.
Very friendly staff! Good customer service. Had a pleasant experience with the cashier, she was very personable.
The food is excellent and the bread is the best in Urbana. Dinner is delightful with excellent gourmet pizzas, fondu, tapas, etc. On Sunday, they have an excellent and low priced brunch. The dinner prices are reasonable for the quality of the food. Their sangria is also the best I've ever tasted. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is the service which at times is very slow.
Red Lotus is located close to some of my most visited restaurants in Mississauga - Wonton Chai Noodle and Chilli Chicken House. I was in the neighbourhood looking for a late lunch and decided to try something new. If you like spicy food, this is right up your alley! Here are my thoughts:THE BEST - Spicy Chicken Bamboo is delicious and I highly recommend it. It is really flavourful with a spicy kick. The dish includes red and green peppers, celery, peanuts, green beans and chillies. You might want to order a bowl of steamed rice to help temper the spiciness of the dish. NOTEWORTHY - Beef Rolls is a good option but I prefer the Rolled Onion Pancake with Sliced Beef at Asian Legend. They are comparable but the flavours in the latter meld together much more beautifully. THE WORST - Dumplings (of any kind). I was intrigued because it specified that they are house-made. They are steamed and to my dismay, it was flavourless. I was curious to know if pan-frying them at home would help the cause. I did bring them home but I should have left them at the restaurant - they were far from being salvageable. As for the service, it is subpar in Chinese standards. Each table has a device with options to call the server, request the bill, etc. It was not working. It was hard to get the servers' attention even though it was not very busy. The inattentiveness was not a major issue. I got irritated when I asked the server for a take-out container for the dumplings. She nodded her head and immediately said, "How would you like to pay? Debit or Cash?" I incredulously asked her to repeat herself. It was discourteous to say the least.All in all, I do find their Spicy Chicken Bamboo tasty and unlike anything I've ever tried. Red Lotus is better reserved for take-out than dine-in.
Love this store. Was referred to ScoopNYC by a stylish friend in the Bay Area who said that the clothes meet our criteria of being stylish, tasteful and affordable (for the most part) - not cheap quality, but attainable if you find something that is worth investing in.A lot of clothing in Vegas is either too high end, cheaply made and/or slutty. You can get a conventional look at places like Neiman Marcus, Nordstrom or Macy's but this store has a few edgy styles that are not so memorable that you can't wear them whenever you want without pausing to think, "when was the last time I wore this?"Affordable and stylish Rag and Bone and a few other pieces on sale rack - I went on a day before the Fourth of July holiday when a lot of the store was 30% off, and an additional 30% of sale rack items. Friendly, candid and helpful staff.
Just moved in, so far so good. It's a beautiful complex and will be even better once the rest, including the dog park, is finished. I wish that the entire complex was non smoking, but it's not. The security walks on some nights, that's nice. It is a little loud some of the early mornings with the gardening staff, but they keep it beautiful. I have a few email requests that I am going to submit, so I will update this review with their responsiveness in mind.
I love the Lazy Loaf and Kettle. I used to live in the area, so I'd try to go in as much as possible, but sometimes it is hard to get a seat because it is always full of people (at least when I go).I love that I get to pick my toppings on a grocery list of ingredients to make my perfect sandwich. The bread is soft and tasty, which is definitely a selling point for me. They don't give you too much though, perfect bread to topping ratio.Now on to my favorite part - the coffee. I have no words to describe their coffee other than delicious. Or maybe perfect. Or smooth. I change my mind, there are lots of words to describe it. I currently live quite a ways away from the Lazy Loaf now, but I would drive there just for some of their coffee, that's how much I like it.
We enjoyed several plates here.  By far my favorite was the pork belly of course.  I love bacon so pork belly is a must. The pork belly came out cut up in perfect two bite morsels for me.  A nice crunchy top with a soft underside is a great mix of meat goodness.  The sauce is on the sweet side, but not so much that it takes away flavor.  Plus it is a great sweet sauce for the meat.We also had the Pan cit Malabon, which has a spaghetti type noodle that is cut up.  I mean the texture and thickness reminded me of a spaghetti noodle.  The shrimp was only ok, as noted by a dinner guest on mine.  I cannot comment as I am allergic to shellfish.  I did chance the noodles since the top is sprinkled with pork rinds.  Interesting, but not my first pick next visit.The fired chicken was good, very crispy, but for the $7.99 price 2 pieces of chicken was not what I expected.  With everything else on the larger side I found this to be lacking in value for my dollar.We also sampled the flan dessert, which was creamy and sweet.  Nice mix and most likely I would try again.  I also tried the Halo-halo which my first experience.  Nice dessert that I would go for again.  A mix of sweet, ice and a small slice of flan on top.  All enjoyed in a plastic cup for you to enjoy for at least a half an hour of mixing ice with the sweet bottom mix.  If you are in the area and craving a great Filipino food experience stop here.  I will try some other dishes next time I am in the area.
Would have given it 5 stars but the customer service was horrible. The drinks were good and fairly priced. I got the 190 Octane mixed with category 5. Made vegas a little bit better
Always enjoy our meals at Flancers.Prickly pear chicken is awesome, love the flavor.  Never had a disappointing meal at Flancers.Staff is always pleasant and we love all the rock and roll posters!
I went back and fourth on four or five stars. I've been here about twenty times so I obviously truly enjoy the sushi here. The staff is super friendly in a pleasant odd way. The sushi is amazing and fresh, you can even watch them make it on a 26inch flat screen. The top sushi place in the area, definitely better than Lure. It got four stars because it used to be BYOB and now it isn't. Parking is not so Bueno (I parked in front of convenient store one time and guy came out yelling at me). But all things aside this is a hidden gem. Eat here.
I love this place, skinny girl margaritas are where it's at so you can use most of your calories on the stuff that matters like chips and dip. The guac is 'you need a fork because your chip is going to break its so chunky' good. I had the veggie enchiladas which I highly recommend. The only reason this place gets a 4/5 is because I only got two enchiladas and another time I got three.
Just moved to the area and I really enjoy this mall. It's very clean and there are just so many great stores to choose from! The food court is pretty yummy too :)
Great place for when you are hungry and craving some variety of Asian food. The service was good and our food came out pretty quickly. We actually ended up ordering too much food! Definitely will hit this place up again!
Hilton is off the strip but accessible by the monorail.  Came in a few years back for a conference, and we brought family there for the Star Trek adventure.  Today, the place is quiet, no one is up yet and the casino floor is empty.  For a small price, we can ride the rail, stop and get off when you want and then get back on.  Parking is free at the Hilton, so the cost of the rail is all you'll be out.  Then you can beat the traffic jams at the major properties with limited access.
Impressive selection of sausages and beer! (not that kind of sausage!)I tried their Game Sausage - Guinea Hen for $9.50. They add 2 toppings; their giardiniera/pickled veg is worth a try ($2 extra). Although it was pretty good, my only complaint is that this is a bit pricey for sausage on a bun. I regret not trying the fries. Their range of beers was even more impressive. There were hundreds of dark, wheat, malt, hopped and pale beers, ciders, wines ... more choices than you can wrap your head around.Great casual atmosphere, but can get crowded and loud. You order your food at the cashier (or grab a seat at the bar), grab a number sign, find a seat and they'll bring you the food. There's benches all over (high school all over again?)
Went to this store to buy duct tape. Staff didn't know where stuff are. I was directed by a staff to aisle 10 but it was wrong. At the paint area I was told it's aisle 11. Also wrong. A customer heard me and said it's actually right in plain sight, in front of the paint counter. This is beyond sad. A staff doesn't even know the products within his area of responsibilities.Gave an extra star because they messed up with the pricing label. I went to returns and the staff knows "scanning code of practice" after I said those magical keywords. Knocked $10 off my $15 duct tape even though the difference was only 70 cents between the pricing label and the barcode price
In Montreal for this past weekend.  Came here two days this weekend.  Not a disappointment.  Coffee was awesome.  Had Montrealer omelette first day, Montrealer platter the 2nd.  No complaints.  Was seated in less than 10 mins on Saturday morning.
Fine addition to downtown Las Vegas. Nice ambiance, fast service, a but pricey but part for the course eating downtown. We had the shrimp sliders with fries, I'd recommend a different side- the fries were nothing to write home about. Also tried the deviled eggs, delicious.
I really enjoyed this restaurant. In fact, I went there twice during my stay. Mostly for the pizza. I had a fig and artichoke pizza, and added chicken. It was so dang tasty! It was not overly sweet, as you might imagine. It had a perfect blend of tastes. I crave it all the time. The specialty cocktails were very expensive for drinks. My friends had a mango mohito, and said that they were awesome. The service was good. The atmosphere is great. It was very busy at all, which I couldn't understand, but it was overall a great experience. Highly recommended for a reasonably priced, nice meal (reasonably prices for Vegas, that is).
Great drinks, especially the Hurricane. Surf and Turf burger was a little dry and bun fell apart. Fries were good and crispy. Service at the bar is great!
Nice fun neighborhood bar and tavern.  Prices are great the servers are wonderful.
Lauren C's review of Prime described her waiter as a "Jeeves Wannabe," and she couldn't have been more correct.  And when I told the Sommelier I was taking the Level 2 exam after passing Level 1, but that I wasn't a "real" sommelier at the time, he practically scoffed.  The correct response is: "Good luck!"  I told the same thing to the Sommelier at Gary Danko last week, and he gave me his business card and asked how he could help.  THAT is how you treat a customer!Being a top-service-rated restaurant, even if it's super-high-end, means having servers that are professional, and knowledgable, but also cool and who act like "real people" at the same time  Example:  Go to Gary Danko.  It's a high end establishment, but people are just cool.  No snootiness, and they have a natural flow to how they interact, with a sense of humor as well.  Perhaps I was at Prime on an off-night, but other reviews have confirmed the same attitude.To Bellagio's credit, however, I must say that my experience at Picasso two years ago was unbelievable, and the service at Picasso blew me away.  Furthermore, the wine pairing at Picasso was one of the best I've encountered in my life.My Prime experience was overall a good one, saved by the bartender (I had a glass of wine at the bar before dinner, he picked one blind and I guessed it), and the unbelievable bone-in filet.  There was a little too much "rub" on the filet, as I'm a pureist with my steaks (like to have several bare bites before I go to sauces).  That said, I did try the four homemade sauces, which are pretty incredible:  bernaise, soy reduction, a mustard sauce, and peppercorn.  The bone-in filet is ginormous, and is an amazing cut of meat.  At $60, it's probably the best bargain on the menu, because a cut of that quality and size is very rare.Wine list is great, although they only have one Rioja; which shouldn't be the case with a list of that size.
You want good Mexican food in Champaign, then you've gotta go to El Toro! It's not quite in the heart of campus but close enough! Make sure you ask for the white cheese dip with the chips to start, amazing! The rest of the food was delicious, the Margaritas were strong and massive, and the service was great. The only reason I took away a star was because we made a reservation and then had to still wait at the bar for about a half hour before being seated.
Good time. Could use an update in the main room. However I think the price is just steep.
100th Bomb Group located on Brookpark Road stands out like a sore thumb.  After the relocation of a runway at Hopkins they forced the closure of the old location.  The old version was a real gem.  I will never forget how they had headsets at each table that you could listen to Hopkins ATC while eating.  Very Cool!  The new location(Which has been here for several years now) is breathtaking.  They spent some serious money to make this place memorable.  The inside has awesome features and big widows to give you a nice vantage point of the airfield.  (Perfect to watch the 3 regional jets that depart every hour).  As a fellow Yelper has posted, the bar has some free munchies during happy hour which is a nice touch.  My problem with the Bomb Group is it is a bit stuffy for my liking.  If i want to watch planes, I don't want it to be a white tablecloth event.  The entrees are good, however you will be paying about 20 dollars per plate.  The food could have better taste for what you are paying.The outdoor deck and patio are beautiful, and during the summer they have great drink specials.  Hope this helps!
I have been a frequent customer here for several months now.  At first, I was on the fence because I was not very happy with an alteration I had done.  I think it's unfair to judge a dry cleaner by that standard, since the seamstress is separate and apart.  In terms of the dry cleaning, they do a great job, particularly for the price.  Once you sign up for the text club, prices are very competitive.  They are also on it in terms of the turn around.  I regularly bring a truckload of dry cleaning here and they manage to take care of it in a matter of days.  The only drawback for me is that the location is not convenient to my current house, but  I just bought a new place right around the corner from Eldorado and have no doubt I will be a dedicated customer for many years to come.
..two of us had a great meal and service on a monday night...it was quiet so that we could speak in regular voices(a treat these days)..the food was excellent and presented with old school style(remember Napoleons)...if you like seafood, this is the place to go...my only neutral comment would be that it was somewhat pricey...but for a special occasion, it would be a treat worth having..
Really like the atmosphere, the light and the food. Toucher les tables vernisées et tres douces en attendant la bouffe fut un plaisir. Choix de smothies et de desserts. I will come back !
Friendly staff. Clean store. Great products you have come to expect. Can be a little slower than normal when busy. Easy to get stuck in the drive through and not be able to get out if it's taking too long. Have been late to work more than once because of this. But all in all a good location.
I love it here! I've been to many different salons and everyone speaks great English and are very very kind and I ALWAYS get what I want. It is a little on the spendy side but it is worth it.
Good room and great location for the price. We stayed Thurs.-Sun.I didn't stay here for the pool but it was definitely an added bonus. I fit in the under 30's crowd and felt like this was a good hotel for that age group. This place probably does attract some older people (hence the Donnie and Marie show) but they are definitely in the minority poolside. Of course you still get a few over 45's that are in bikinis and in denial. We ended up spending most of our daytime hanging out by the pool which was like a huge party/club. Great music with a DJ, bikini clad dancers, and some great beer prices. You could get a bucket of 5 beers for $20 or 12 for $40. One negative is that they don't have a clear signage telling you that there is no food or drinks allowed to be taken inside the pool premises. Lots of people were having to throw their items away before entering. Which after having stood  in line for 15 min can become very irritating. Overall the hotel experience was very nice and I would stay here again.
Great place to get a good steak cooked just like you want it. The blooming onion makes an incredible starter dish if you don't completely fill up on that and the salad before you even get the main dish.
Mad greens is just a great, healthy alternative to the normal fast food fare.  It's fast but healthy.  I can only comment on the Ty Cobb salad because i love it so much, it's the only thing I ever order there.  My daughters like it as well and the only reason for 4-star in that they do not have ketchup.  Now, why would I want ketchup you may ask?   Simple, my younger daughter gets their grilled cheese and likes to dip it in ketchup.  I'd give a 4 1/2  if I could.  This location and the others are all good got service too.  I highly recommend them.
Good SE Asian cuisine, and a great spot for lunch in the second half of the week. Kind of picky about split checks. Similar to Ha Long Bay down the street, but the I prefer the appetizer selection here. Egg rolls are a winner. Reasonable lunch specials, but sometimes I wish the portions were larger. Overall good value though.
Happy Hour is awesome and the Cucumber Martini is terrific! (I put a pic on Yelp of it)I'd give it 5 stars but something I can't put my finger on is off with the ambience - but other than that it's great.Staff is very nice.Good outdoor patios.The sliders are fantastic!
I was craving Vietnamese food today (yet again) so I decided to try someplace closer than 31st & Superior.Firstly, I'll say that the woman who took my order over the phone was very nice. Bowl of Pho is also nice on the inside but I ordered my food to go so I can't really comment on their waitstaff.Since everyone, their mothers and their grandmothers praise Superior Pho and pretty much claims everywhere else is mediocre (at best), I wasn't really hoping for the best. I was just hoping it was edible.I ordered 2 orders of spring rolls, bubble tea (strawberry), fried rice (chicken), and deluxe beef noodle.The bubble tea, while good, tasted... odd but not in a bad way though. It was very sweet and it tasted like a red licorice shake. O.oLuckily, I love red licorice. But it definitely didn't taste like strawberry, not even remotely. The tapioca pearls were good too and in my opinion, they were better than *gasp* the ones at Superior Pho.The food was pretty good too. The pho (which was my main dish) was terrific with a multitude of flavors and spices that hit the palate just right. Nice amounts of meat (not an overabundance but not super shady either). I had my food to-go so when I got home, I put in the the meat, sides and noodles which, because I'm  assuming they don't rinse off their noodles, were super starchy and was kinda congealed to the styrofoam to-go container. However, after me breaking it up a bit and placing them into the pho, they broke up a little bit so it wasn't just clumps of ramen sitting at the bottom of my bowl.The chicken fried rice my husband ordered was really good.The spring rolls were good as were the sauce but I have to admit that Superior Pho is well, superior with their spring rolls and the sauce (oh dear God, their sauccceeee!!).All in all, I came in not expecting much and now I'm full of delicious food and a new Vietnamese spot to eat at when I don't want to trek all the way downtown.Oh! Also just as important, they are slightly less expensive than other places I've been too. That's always a plus to me!
Good food. Large portions. Good value. Breakfasts are gigantic. Reliable. Good quick service. Try the meatloaf and the chicken fried steaks
Great authentic Japanese food with great service. Free wifi available too.
From time to time, my family enjoys a good pizza.  However, the gluten free options are very limited for my youngest son and myself.  We have ordered from Dominos, which is really gross.Streets of New York was introduced to us about a year ago.  We have been back several times when we want to have a pizza treat.  We love the food.  The only issue we have is the wait is often very long for our food and the wait staff seems is always a little on the blah side.  A smile, every once in awhile would be nice.  We will continue to come back, but I would recommend the wait staff perk up a bit, often you look like you (all) hate being there.
As a noodle lover, had to try this place out. I've been to a similar concept noodle place and ordered the same soup base - pickled vegetable. I found the toppings to put into the noodles were right up my alley which made the experience more enjoyable. The soup came piping hot which is always nice. The best part is obviously the free refills of noodle which at this visit, I didn't really order an extra order as I usual do. However, I still enjoyed my meal. The service was quick, toppings had a good variety of items (meats and veggies) and soup base was tasty. I will be coming back here for a quick hotpot-like noodle fix!
I came for the Sunday brunch prix fixe menu - you get one appetizer and entree with a classy cocktail. I made reservations online a few weeks in advance, and the restaurant, even with decent indoor and large outdoor (with heat lamp) seating, became pretty packed. For the appetizer, I was able to try the Granola, Fruit and Yogurt, the Tomato & Basil Bisque, and the Mushroom and Celery Root Puree, and all were equally delicious. The mushroom and celery root puree I was a little wary of, but it was delicious. For the entree, I tried Steak and Egg, Sea Scallop Fry, and the Braised Lamb & Eggs. The portions were substantial and the flavors were all there. The runny yolk with the steak and lamb were glorious. They also have other standard brunch entrees, such as a benedict and waffles, but I felt like this was something you can get anywhere.Overall, really satisfied with the brunch we had. The outdoor seating was beautiful, and the heat lamps kept us pretty warm in the winter.
Enjoyed! Sat in VIP, worth it. 75 min show. Good numbers. Wish the guys stripped too.
Every time I do a search on Yelp for fish, Pete's pops up but I've always just passed it by. Today I actually decided to stop by and see what it was all about. I can see why one could pass it by, it's just off Central with no flashy gimmicks and no drive thru. I was lucky that the rain stopped long enough for me to get out of my car without getting drenched. I didn't know they only took cash and with only $7 in my pocket I came unprepared. I decided to order the 3 piece Fish and Chips for $5.35. I can barely finish the second piece of fish but this sauce is amazing. I will definitely call ahead with a large order of Oysters, Shrimp and Crabettes!
Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!And I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course!
This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants. They have the best chips and salsa, and usually good service. I love the machaca burrito, espinaca style. Also the chicken fajitas.
We visited on Saturday April 15th, 2017 for dinner. I don't know why people are saying the portions are small, because they are NOT small. It is regular to large size portions, in fact, two out of three in our party packed our main course leftovers for home.  Also, I looked around the room at other tables to see the dishes we didn't order and their portion sizes were decent.  For Starters we had Bloomin onion (smaller than Outback's version yet good) and a bowl of tomato soup (I thought it tasted like marinara sauce). For main courses, I had the Grilled Whole Sea Bream white fish served with vegetables and basmati rice. It was a good thick piece of fish but be careful of tiny bones. My hubby had the delicious meaty Beef Short Ribs on top of a mound of garlic mash potatoes. We both had leftovers. And my daughter had BBQ Pork Ribs served with chili, corn salsa and fries which she enjoyed and finished. Dessert was one piece of their homemade Cheesecake shared between three of us. Americano is only coffee served and it is strong and frothy. I took one star off because it took almost one hour before we got our main dishes and there is only metered street parking. Credit Cards are accepted.
Came here since we live in the neighborhood to try out some tacos. Being the seafood lover I also ordered the Agua Chile and I had to send it back :( it was wayyy too sweet and not the agua chile I know. The tacos are 6.50 a piece but are big. The waitress took back the agua Chile and brought me something new which is great customer service in my books. My daughter even said how sweet she was. I personally would only come back to try the posole. The tacos were delish I had the salmon and Baja and also tried the californian which was pretty good too.
What can I say!? Cool, retro ice cream shoppe! Been around 60 years and looks like it still boasts the original pink decor! Good ice cream- nothing spectacular but tasty! Nice treat to end my day!
Original came here for a drink after a long day. I got the matcha mango fruit punch which was pretty good. My friend got the lychee martini and it was delicious. We decided to get something light, we asked the bartender what would suggest. We got these short ribs and hamachi tacos. Holy motherless goat, those hamachi tacos were the best snack tacos every. The shell is made from deep frying a gyoza wrap and it had guac, jalapeno and diced tomatoes. You need to get this as an appetizer. The short ribs were tender, good sauce but it's no fall off the bone kind rib. I'd come back here once in awhile because just ordering these the bill came out to $130. Those were some expensive tacos. Still great food none the less.
A friend recommended Malee's to us just as we arrived in town and told him where we were staying. Malee's was three minutes away, so we zipped over there and were seated immediately on a VERY busy Monday night. The service is incredible there. Even though the place was packed (and very noisy, due to the presence of a party of 14 seated just next to us), the wait staff and bussers were right on everything. As a former waiter (10 years in excellent restaurants in San Diego), I am generally pretty attuned to quality service. These people were obviously very well-trained; it was very impressive to see their coordination and cooperation with each other. But, there is a reason I mentioned the service first. It's five star service, but unfortunately the food does not live up to that billing. My girlfriend and I love Thai, and we try to find a good Thai place whenever we travel. It's hard to find anything as good as Lanna Thai in Pacific Beach (San Diego), and this was no exception. We got their veggie rolls for starters, and those came with a Plum Poison sauce that was very good. Unfortunately, it could not rescue the amazingly bland (though very fresh) rolls, which lacked any flavor despite the fresh ingredients. Our assessment was that fresh rolls without mint or cilantro or basil or SOMETHING are just rice noodles with no flavor. (again- if you want the best, go to Lanna Thai for these!)We had a Pad noodle dish that was also fairly disappointing. The only food item that was the least bit impressive was the yellow curry veggies. Lastly, a word of advice. If you're going to dine there in the winter (we ate there on February 23), take some warm clothing. The place was FREEZING. We could not wait to get out of there- only due to that one factor. The ambiance is really good- there was live music playing in the other room. But if you don't make the temperature of the restaurant accommodating, people will be shivering while they try to enjoy the cuisine. That's all.
Shrimp jalapeño soup was excellent . For a cup of soup it had several big shrimp. Wedge salad was good but I've had better. Beautiful restaurant. I'll be back to try other items on the menu.
Good bubble tea depending on who makes it. We went twice and ordered the same thing both times. The first time was ok but the second time we went, it was so much better! I would definitely come back in the future next time I'm visiting Vegas
I am a regular here. Tonight I had chicken souvlaki wrap it was delicious as always. They man who served me was very friendly  and entertaining. I will be going back and I would recommend this place to everyone.
The food is good to very good (for Vegas). Pricey (obviously) for what you get. Arugula salad was pretty awesome. Filet tartar was very good but the crostini was a bit under-toasted. The burger was average and the fries average. The music and service was awesome and the vibe was fun.
I had always heard that Bobby Flay was one of the few celebrity chefs whose restaurants didn't suck.i guess I set my expectations a little too high, as I got the breakfast enchilada and while it was very good, it wasn't amazing.Several of my friends' dishes though, like the lamb cobb salad (!!!) looked and tasted amazing. I also liked the non-traditional basket of assorted savory and sweet breads for the table.I should have ordered the burger....
I like!  Here's my take:PROS:- Food is great. Is there a better traditional breakfast in Pittsburgh?  I doubt it!- The breakfast sandwich is my fave. Eggs, spicy sausage, and cheese on Mancini's bread. Just do it. - Service is very quick and efficient. Try to run out of coffee. You can't!- The menu is huge, lots of good stuff to try. CONS:- Its CASH ONLY, and it's now year 2018...  And that's all I can offer on the negative side. If you've had this on your list but still haven't tried it, DO IT NOW!  Then write a Yelp review!!!
This is a store for girls who love glam! I discovered this store a couple of years ago after their storefront attracted me with manikins dolled up in pretty dresses and shiny scarves. The store looked really fancy from the outside so I thought perhaps the prices would be high until I noticed the tags on the manikins clothes saying, $29.99; so I walked in!This store is small, narrow, cramped but really pretty looking- black walls, slightly dimmed lights and chandeliers. The people working there are extremely kind and helpful and give you all the time in the world to browse. The guy working there told me that their merchandise is flown in from Paris. The best part? Everything in the store is $29.99 with the exception of shoes and jewellery! They have beautiful tunics, shirts, dresses, jackets, jeggings, purses, shoes, jewellery, wallets, scarves, sweaters, skirts and so much more. The clothing is super girly, comfortable and beautiful looking. I own a lot of clothes from this store and I receive many compliments! Also, the quality is great; none of my clothes have ripped or worn out looking even after a couple of years.The only downfall about this store is that they don't always have plenty of different sizes, and it's cramped in the store, which makes it a tad bit uncomfortable if more people are in the store.
Just a quicky today!Easily got a window seat at 13:00 then perused the expansive menu which has everything from $17 burger to sashimi. We selected the bento box and the crab claws. Bento was great value with well executed dishes and a cracker miso. The crab claws were fresh and juicy but the sauce was just overpowering. The service was efficient and friendly.Food 7.5/10 service 7.5/10 decor 8/10
TLDR: A pintrester's dream restaurant that serves simple but delicious food.First, if you can you have to sit on their beautiful terrace. It is colourful, fresh and a laptop free zone. Enjoy the koi pond and the greenery as you eat light and refreshing food. The first time I ever went on a Saturday evening, we also enjoyed live music from a fun little indie group.Their sandwiches are big, and they offer you the choice to substitute half your sandwich with a soup. I ordered the CBLT as I am a huge fan of coconut bacon, and substituted half my sandwich with a sweet potato and almond butter soup. The soup was velvety smooth and tasty. The sandwich came with a little bit of salad and was delightful. Cafe Santropol is definitely my top pick for when I'm craving a sandwich.Definitely, a restaurant you should visit in the summer and a great place for food date.
By The Slice is one of the best pizza places I been to.  It is a small place nicely tucked away in the plaza.  I order here at least once a month for lunch with my co-workers.  They always have killer deals such as 2 medium speciality pizza for $16.99 - Their specialy pizzas are amazing as they have around 5-6 toppings on it. Southwest chicken and Meat combo are my fave.  If you just want to pick your own toppings there is a 2 Medium pizza 6 toppings combined from $14.99.  Ex-Large Margherita or 4 cheese pizza for $9.99.  They surpising also have amazing fried chicken almost like KFC.  I actually like it more than KFC and it is cheaper as well.  10 huge Chicken pieces and medium wedges for only $12.99.  Only thing bad is the plaza parking is horrible as it shared with Wendy's, starbucks,Kelsey and Mr. Greek.  Can't wait to order from them this Friday.
This is easily the best place to get a gyro in this part of Henderson.  I work near Russell and the 95, and there are 4 Greek places near me that have gyros.  This blows them all away.  Great size on the sandwich, and the sauce is very flavorful.  Also, the fries are much better than average for a place of this type.  Highly recommended.
I've been taking my puppy to see Dr. Claus at South Shores Animal Hospital for about  4 months now. The service here is spectacular and Dr. Claus is an excellent vet. Anytime we've come in with an issue, he's been able to successfully diagnose and cure my puppy.My puppy had dental surgery here as well and everything went smoothly and perfectly. The only reason I can't give them 5 stars is because of their grooming. The groomer isn't very kind and doesn't seem to know much about customer service. That's ok though, I'll just get grooming done elsewhere. I highly recommend this vet!
Cafe zupas is one of my go to places for a healthy meal. There's so many options to choose from; I always have a hard time choosing only 2 options out of all of the salads, soups, and sandwiches. The sandwiches are a little small, so its best to get a sandwich as part of a "pick 2" meal. I love the soups. The creme brulee desserts are amazing! Sometimes I come here just for the dessert. My only complaints are that I don't think the chicken is very good quality, and half the time the lettuce in my salad tastes gritty like it was never washed. Ordering can be a little hectic if it's busy, but I generally get my food pretty quickly.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 12:30. Place was very busy but we got seated quickly. I had the Pit burger combo (cheeseburger, fries, & soda) for $8.95. Very reasonable price and the burger was delicious. The portion of fries were huge and very tasty. I would come back here for sure.
Had bday celebration with friends last night.  the band was wonderful but unfortunately only played till 10 p.m.  the CRAB CAKE was probably the best i've ever had.  nice ambiance, and lively :)
We decided to try this place out because of a groupon. The staff was incredibly nice and attentive. Both salad & meals (Gnocchi Vodka & Chicken Florentine) were well cooked & seasoned. The Gnocchi was as close to NY Italian that I have found in AZ. The only thing that stopped a 5 star rating is that I felt the prices were a little high. All that said, we both said we would go back -without a Groupon!
I didn't know what to make of this place when walking in, there was very limited seated and not much in the way of decor . BUTTTT the food was excellent ! I went for brunch and will definitely be going back . you can actually see them cooking in a regular home style kitchen. I had their version of eggs Benedict and it definitely hit the spot ! fresh breakfast dishes all made to order and friendly welcoming staff you can't go wrong . BUT try and get there early or you may end up waiting a while for a table
Quality sushi. Good menu. Been a few times never a bad meal. Only negative is parking if you are just going for food and not shopping. Cool servers
My friend Ed recommended I come here, and he's a real Chinese food expert, being a great cook and traveler. Our chow mein and egg drop soup were delicious, albeit a little overpriced. They have a quick operation and a million excellent gold fish tanks. Definitely a must for Ceasar's Palace.
Our ac broke and we needed a room ASAP.  The staff was friendly, welcoming and even provided a discount "to make the rough night a little better".  The rooms were very clean!  :)
I like this place a lot.  It is relatively cheap and even cheaper with the student discount.  The mango shrimp quesadilla is really good, and I would definitely recommend it.  The restaurant is clean, which is a plus.  The server is nice, which is another plus.  So, overall, i would recommend this place definitely.
Good food served hot. Chicken fingers meaty and tasty. Good beer selection too! One of my favorite spots for reliable food and friendly service.
It's pretty difficult to find good pizza in Las Vegas. It's even more difficult to please 2 east coast people that know their pizza. So when my husband and I say that this is good stuff, we really mean it. We love the to-go window where you can order by the slice and even an entire pie. Let's be honest, it's the perfect stop after a night of drinking.
Went to Las Vegas for a family event taking place in North Las Vegas.  This hotel was centrally located to all of our activities.  The rate was great and I was pleasantly surprised with our room.  The hotel was full on Saturday night but we did not hear much hall noise at all.  Bed was comfy and the air air conditioning was better than most places.  Breakfast on Sunday morning was pretty good.  Lots to choose from:  cereal, waffles, fruit, fruit juices and the coffee was good.   Would definitely recommend this place to anyone with business in this area.
South Indian is always my fav for freshly made vegetarian dishes! Ordered the rava masala dosa, with a side of idli and vada. Sambhar was a bit thick for my liking, the chutneys were good, so overall all flavours were a good blend. Made the mistake of doing take-out, so the food was a bit soggy by the time I got to it. Best to enjoy in the restaurant. Tons of free parking on site. Reasonable prices and prompt service.
i think that this place is better than the three star rating it currently has. it's got a unique twist on traditional hong kong restaurants, which is flavorful and delicious. i really really like the vermicelli that they offer, it's not the usual threadlike hard rice noodle. it's chewier in a good way. on the other hand, though, they do well at replicating the best / typical things of hong kong cheap cuisine. for example, the sandwiches come in thickly sliced bread, which i think is more fluffy and tastes better than plain old thin toast. they also managed to make the french toast taste basically the same as the ones you get in hong kong, much better than the other places in the gta that i've tried french toasts at.
I am surprised to see bad reviews here as we had a great, albeit huge, meal! We decided on the chef's tasting menu which seemed like a good deal but turned out to be too much food, at least for me, my husband finished his.The first course was a small amuse bouche that was just a spoonful of a melon prepared by the chef.  From there you get to pick a first, a second, a third and either a half of a side or a dessert.  I picked the shinshito peppers as my first while my husband had the heirloom tomato salad.  The peppers were very good but after looking at other tables I wished I had ordered the "corn bones" as they looked really, really good.  For my second I had the gnoochi sardi that was phenomenal and would have been plenty as an entree.  My husband had the brussel sprouts, also good but not entree size.   For our third, I had the lamb burger and was immediately disappointed that I ate all my awesome gnoochi as there was no way I was going to finish the burger.  We got a half of animal style frites which were good but the egg was a bit more cooked than I would have liked plus my gnoochi had an egg on top too which made the second egg a bit much.  Since we both had the tasting menu we split the one half of the frites and then split a dessert for the other.  I picked the peanut butter crispie.  Good but next time I'll try the popcorn as it also looked good.
With this summer weather it's difficult to cook at home.  My husband and I are going out for lunch and dinner during the weekends and are always looking for local places to eat. Today we felt like burgers so we decided to visit Harvey's.We shared the big burger & fries and it was not bad at all. After dinner I asked him if he'd come back and he surprisingly said yes (he's a picky eater).He said he would have rated Harvey's 4.5 but that he wasn't pleased the cook was the server and the bartender.
Great suite. Great service. Loved the Valet crew. Across from Fashion show shopping mall. Fresh flowers everywhere and the hotel smells great at every turn.Great for kids because no casino, no smoking and low occupancy rate.What's up with the single 24-in TV at the bar? What are you thinking Donald?
I get my dog supplies here   They have a good selection of harnesses,and most anything else you might needI bought a retractable leash   It lasted 60 days. They were happy to exchange it. I love good customer service.
It is all-you-can-eat BBQ place for two hours at $29.99. It seems like two hours are short but it is not! They have all variety of seasoned pork belly(samkyusal) and beef selections. Remember that they charge you extra $13.99 per order of galbi. Also you can grill seafood(shrimp or squid). I enjoyed spicy chicken and beef brisket and corn cheese, yum! It is good to enjoy various side dishes(banchan) including kimchi.(grilling kimchi and pork belly(samkyusal) is always awesome) If you are a meat lover and want to enjoy different kind of meat at the same time, it is worthy it. Wish they could serve simple dessert at the end of the meal like other typical Korean BBQ places:)
Date night doesn't happen enough for my husband and I, but when it does, we like to try restaurants that we haven't been to before.  So last night, after a quick shopping stop at the Crafeteria event hosted by Frances, we headed over to Otro Cafe for dinner.  We were not disappointed!I used the Yelp app directions to find the location (duh!), and were psyched to find plenty of parking + no wait to sit down when we arrived without a reservation around 8pm on a Friday.  All of the employees that we encountered were extremely friendly and personable from the hostess and our server to Heather, another staff member that we recognized from another local cafe.  Our server, Randy was attentive and offered recs on the menu when we asked.  We ended up sharing an order of the Guacamole Classico as an app.  I ordered it with both chips and raw veggies.  I love that the veggies are an option.  (Veggies are chilled just right and include carrots, celery, cucumbers, jicama and radish).   The guac is chunky and includes avocado, cilantro, serrano chiles, lime juice, salt, white onions, tomatillos, orange and cotija cheese.  We each had a beer from their selection of both Mexican and local options, and then shared two entrees: the Pescado del Dia and the Mole Negro.  The fish came with veggies and the mole chicken came with fried rice and tortillas.  The ambiance is casual and features art on the wall from local artists.  The prices are moderate, especially considering portion sizes.  There is something for everyone on the menu too... and it's worth noting that Otro opens on Saturdays and Sundays at 8am for breakfast.  They get their coffee from Lux as well!We'll definitely be back to Otro, and hopefully pronto!
Good, not great. The sushi was flavorful and fresh, but it didn't really wow me like good sushi should. Nice for a casual sushi shop.
The hotel is brand new and is nice and clean.  I have stayed here for a total of about 3 weeks off and on for work.  I have had a couple issues but they were corrected and made everything 100%.  I'd give them 5 stars but the elevator has had lots of mechanical issues however that's probably outside of the staffs expertise.
Really excellent shawarma and service, too!  Casual place.  Typically a line-up, but it goes fast.  They are so good with kids!  I saw them customize a meal for a picky eater.  They are also good at recognizing regulars and remembering their order.Have had the shwarma (fav), souvlaki, lentil soup and a number of the appetizers and all have been great.
Best pad Thai I've had yet.  Spicy just the way I like it, noodles cooked perfectly .  We had crab puffs and they were great as well.  Great service and the restaurant   was clean.  I highly recommend  eating here!
Best coffee I had in Phoenix (despite having to drive 35 minutes from my hotel to get there).  Would have gone every morning had it been closer.  Good service.  Cool decor.  Went in asking for a dark roast, not pour over.  And their drip was everything I could have asked for.  Tons of flavor without that burnt Starbucks taste. It was what I needed at 7 am.
Was very pleasantly surprised by this restaurant.  I'm not typically a fan of downtown Vegas for dinner but was really glad we tried this spot.  The ahi appetizer was delicious.  The tuna was fresh and the accompanying sauces were a perfect match.  I had the sea bass and risotto as my entree.  Cooked perfectly.  The orange vinaigrette, cranberries and apples garnishing the sea bass provided the perfect combo of sweet and savory.  Something I was not expecting.  We also enjoyed a signature chocolate lava cake. It takes 30 minutes to prepare so order early. Decadent but the red wine recommended by our waiter helped to make it the perfect end to dinner.
Urban Beans is reliable, consistent, and a great option for healthy eats, great coffee at ALL HOURS, and a local business! I am always greeted with a smile and wonderfully friendly service here, which can be hard to come by and is appreciated.
Originally opened in 1992 in Jacksonville Florida and described as "Where the Locals Eat" ever since, it was entirely by accident that it was discovered that Metro Diner had recently expanded to the Las Vegas Suburbs, ongoing discussion about who was doing a 'true' Monte Cristo Sandwich in the local market bringing up results for a familiar name just a few minutes away that had not been there just last month.Not to be mistaken for Metro Pizza, though both they and the Diner chain now with nearly two-dozen locations show a similar commitment to Scratch-made classics invigorated by contemporary techniques and great ingredients, it was just past 8:15am on Saturday that a party of three entered the converted former drive-thru Burger joint now decorated as a cozy space with checkered floors and green tables, a few televisions showing Sportscenter as early 2010's Pop hits flittered overhead.Arriving before most of the crowd and greeted by local Operating Partner Tony Alonge, whose name had been passed along from corporate after an E-mail inquiring as to whether the Monte Cristo was available at Breakfast since the online menu seems to indicate otherwise, it was at a sizable four-top next to the kitchen that seating was offered and menus presented, the servers with an ever-present smile that almost seemed contagious throughout the morning - a few of them even passing their limited free time dancing and singing along to the music.Featuring a sizable menu, though not the outlandish 'everything to everyone' mishmash of some, it was after some perusal and questions about sourcing that a relatively sizable order was placed including a few half-size plates allowed in order to sample more variety, the total cost of just over $70 still a bargain considering all that was entailed and easily a place where a check less than $15 per person would be realistic as an average.Honing recipes now for nearly 25 years, each restaurant offering similar classics plus several specials that change from week to week, it was with Coffee and Water poured and kept filled that the meal quickly got underway, a miscommunication about wanting items sent out in rounds soon seeing the whole table flooded with eight plates that made it difficult to taste everything while still warm, the Pound Cake French Toast, for instance, saved till last and at that point just above room temperature which made it difficult to get a sense of how good it might have been piping hot and more capable of melting the butter.Moving on to items better assessed hot from the kitchen, a one-and-one Benedict featuring housemade Hollandaise, Canadian Bacon and Vegetables beneath medium-poached Eggs atop toasted English Muffins as good as most in the city alongside nicely fried Hash Browns, Metro Diner's Fried Chicken and Waffles proved very impressive considering the price point, a half-order of the bone-in Bird plump and juicy with a good spice profile served with supple Waffles and a scoop of Strawberry Butter.Not offering the option for Pure Maple Syrup, but instead creating their 'signature' sweet and spicy Sauce tableside by combining Crystal Hot Sauce with Warm 'syrup,' it was with good fortune that neither the aforementioned Pound Cake nor the signature "Yo Hala on The Square" Stuffed French Toast required any additional garnishment, the thick slices of Challah Bread stuffed with Strawberries and Cream Cheese making for one tasty weekly special beneath a liberal ladle of warm Strawberry Compote.Not particularly impressed by the "Cheesiest Grits," even the addition of a layer of Cheddar both top and bottom leaving the grains a bit runny and flavorless without adding salt, Metro Diner's Buttermilk Biscuits feature the drop-style common throughout most of Florida and are well flavored with light sours of Buttermilk, the addition of a Honey-Glazed Chicken Plank to make a $4.79 Sandwich well worth it for those not wanting to invest in the whole Chicken and Waffles plate.Speaking finally on the Monte Cristo, most versions in town either outright lying by serving a French Toast Sandwich or bastardizing the original recipe by omitting the Turkey, Metro Diner finally gives Las Vegas what so many have been requesting for years, the soft Sourdough Batter-dipped and deep-fried around a thick stack of two deli-Meats, Cheddar and American Cheese with almost no residual oil plus a big bowl of Raspberry Preserves at its side.Using the same light Batter to coat the Onion Rings as that on the Monte Cristo, it was with compelling words offered by the chalkboard at the back of the room that Dessert became necessary, the Salty Caramel Brownie served warm with a big ball of Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Chocolate drizzle while the Key Lime Pie is imported straight from Jacksonville for the sake of consistency, anyone familiar with the debate certain to be amused by Whipped Cream offered on the side, but certainly not on top of, the generous and tangy slice.
Came here for lunch. There was four of us and between us four, we each ordered the pulled pork quesadilla and tropical paella. The Jerk Pulled Pork Quesadilla had spicy slaw, tomato, Machaego cheese and cucumber aioli. Everything had it's own flavors, but I wasn't a big fan of their slaw. I think it would have tasted fine without the slaw or perhaps up the taste for the slaw. It just had a sour taste and didn't go well with the pork.The Tropical Paella had chicken, chorizo, mussels, shrimp, bay scallops, sugar snap peas, pineapple and red peppers. This dish was well flavored and the pineapple gave the dish a great touch. There was chunks of everything everywhere, I would say they need more rice with all that stuff! =)We also had an order of Jamaican Jerk Wings with cilantro cream- this was very tasty. The wings were seasoned well and the sauce went very well with the dish.Overall experience, this place was very tasty and would come back. Service was quick and friendly.
We came for a late breakfast early lunch, the service was slightly slow but the food was delicious and definitely worth the wait.We order the Mexico,Italy,Germany and the Europa all  crepes were delicious great flavor.We will be back for sure ;)
We stopped in here after discovering HR had microbrews, it was a nice little find. We sat at the bar and were tended to almost immediately. With drinks already in mind, the wife ordered a bloody mary and I opted for their seasonal which was a winter style ale. I prefer stouts but this ale was easy to drink and had good flavor. The bartender was very generous with the pour for the mary, which was nice. When you pay big hotel prices for drinks we are grateful of generous pours. Bar staff were friendly and checked on us often, so no issues there. But we did notice a few of the dining room wait staff obviously slacking off. We only stayed for 1 drink before lunch so we left shortly after our only round. No reason we wouldn't go back again for another round and maybe play some shuffleboard too. The only issue we ran into was access to the parking, its a bit confusing and difficult to get in and out of the property depending on which way you are coming and going from.
International crowd says it all... El fresco atmosphere is my favorite  ... Always enjoy their coffee and friendly staff. We come here weekly!
I enjoy going to Joe's Farm Grill, not just because of the food (utterly amazing onion rings), but also because of the surrounding location.  There are huge, interesting looking trees, beautifully kept grounds, and interesting architecture.  It can be quite crowded, which takes away from the ambiance.  But if you go during off hours (in our case, Superbowl Sunday - hey... no Cards... no point in watching), the crowds are minimal and the grounds are very peaceful, which makes it nice to enjoy the food and the mild February weather.
After having a Luke warm experience with an order I had delivered they did their very best to remedy the situation!  So they are getting 4 stars for customer service!! Thank you for being so professional and understanding!
Tasty and affordable lunch.  As Americans we wanted to try the Poutine and it didn't disappoint.
One of my two favorite restaurants in Las Vegas with a fun and creative menu!! I opted to sit at the chefs table since I was dining alone. Christopher, my fabulous waiter, had excellent food recommendations.I started with the Marinated tuna cones that were artfully presented in a stand. The cone included whipped pink peppercorn creme fresh which created a little spicy zing.I next had the Braised oxtail crostini. Toast dishes seem to be all the rage in Vegas right now and this dish did not disappoint. The oxtail was tensor and flavorful.The final dish I tried was the Salt roasted beets. Sounds boring but it was not!! The beets were roasted in oranges, pistachio oil and goat cheese that made for a creamy and dreamy sauce that made me want to lick the plate. It was probably the best best dish I've ever had!There were 5 sparking wines, white wines and red wines to choose from. My only complaint is that most were $19 a glass!!!The restaurant is very open space wise and not ideal for a romantic dinner. Given the small plate nature of the dishes it's perfect for groups so that you can try lots of different things.I'd highly recommend eating here and would definitely go back.
All I can say about Rimrock Bar & Grille is that they make one hell of a great burger. We had just landed in Phoenix and we're staying at the Hilton Phoenix Airport location and we were so hungry because we skipped on eating Airline Food. The only problem was that it was right before midnight when we checked in and the only dining option in the hotel was this place called Rimrock Bar & Grille which had a pretty good looking menu which consists of typical bar food. It was ten minutes till midnight and as me and my wife walked in, I saw that look of terror on their faces as they were about to close up. I know the feeling of someone walking in right before closing to grab a bite to eat, but I was desperate so i had to have the courage to ask if they were still serving food and the bartender Lori was more than happy to honor our request which made me a very happy and hungry customer. I was really craving for a Burger and what caught my eye was the Jett Lagged Burger$14.50 which was made with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, and an Over Easy Egg. Being from Hawaii anything with an Over Easy on it is golden for me. As for this Burger, let's just say I have eaten  Burgers all over the world, and this Burger has to be one of the Best Burgers I have ever eaten. What makes a great burger to me is the bun, and at Rimrock, the bun looked something like a Brioche Bun which perfectly sopped up all the juices from the Beef Patty and Over Easy Egg. The Burger was cooked to perfection and was amazing from the first bite to the last. If I ever stayed at the Phoenix Airport Hilton again, this would be the first thing I would order without a doubt. I also ordered the Buffalo Chipotle Wings which was good but a little too spicy for my taste. We also had the Strawberry Quinoa Salad which my wife said was a great tasting salad but a little too healthy for me.  Also, I had a Draught Beer which was perfect with my Burger but j forgot the name of it. All I can say is that Jett Lagged Burger from Rimrock is something that is on my mind when I'm craving an amazing burger..
Absolutely great venue to see a show!  I attended a private party Thursday night with Edwin McCain as the performer and was so impressed.  The food was good, the space was really nice and intimate for a show and the staff seemed great!
Excellentes grillades, service rapide, produits frais. Le forfait all you can eat n'est pas cher et donne un bon aperçu
Been here a few times in the last 12 mos. Great experience everytime! Amazing food and lots of it, if you like meat. Salad and hot food bar also has a great variety.Quick tip : save some room for the pineapple.
Because everyone has to come here once for their roast duck poutine pizza.Unfortunately, the pizza was just alright.  Sure we all love a thin crust pizza with cheese curds falling off, but the combination of everything comprising the topping was a little overwhelming.  I ended up eating the fries separately for the slices that I had, and I barely tasted the duck pieces because of how many other ingredients were on the pizza.  It's like one of those school projects where the idea is nice, execution could even be effortless, but final result, underwhelming.Miheer's Curried Lamb Shoulder- Didn't see the curry in the description and expected a chunk of lamb shoulder.. what a flavourful dish though!  It was a very creamy curry with a hint of spice, the lamb was well-cooked and I LOVED the garlic roti that the curry came with.  It was a bit oily but I loved how chewy the roti was and balanced the curry nicely.  Almost wished we didn't have the pizza to start so that I could enjoy more of this dish, definitely a fan.Service was good, decor is worth a look.. O&B does it well :)
Very pleasant cafe inside Benevilla. Great service, nice selection for lunch. Live music some evenings, check their schedule. Used books for sale. Thoroughly enjoyable. Tasty food! Nearby walking paths.
Good neighborhood dog park. Lots of regulars, but no cliques. Large open grassy area but nothing special and also has a separate area for smaller dogs.  There are water stations on each side but no pools or other water. Closed on Tuesdays I believe.
The chicken souvlaki on a pita is amazing here. The pita they use has cheese baked into it so it really adds a great flavour to the pita. The pita is also longer than most places and they put enough of meat and toppings in the pita so you feel full afterwards! I usually get take-out and the dine in service used to be pretty bad but recently I think they've gotten better with the service. Its a very small intimate restaurant so its usually good for a couple or for a fairly small group to go together! Also, the only downfall is there isn't any available parking, but centre point mall is across the street so it's a 2 minute walk at most.
Second night of having Italian so my review may be a bit biased. I had the lasagna which was pretty good but I cannot say it stood out to me as spectacular. My family seemed to enjoy their meals. I thought it was nice of the restaurant to give a fam member a piece of cake for free (his birthday).
Very satisfied with the food here. I can never get anything other than the Alice springs chicken! I like stake but this Alice springs chicken gives you cravings. Also the bread here is unique and scrumptious. The service is efficient and their margaritas are fantastic when I am in the mood and can splurge.
The service was good.  The drinks were mediocre.  The food was the saving grace.  My wife and I split a few tacos and a meal, which we ended up taking home.  The manta taco was very good, however, the marlin taco was flippin' AMAZING!!!  The flavor was unparalleled!
I think this is a great place for grabbing happy hour after work.  They recently re-did their menu and cut back on a lot of things so they can focus more on less food, which is great.  They have trivia on Tuesday nights, start as 7 and goes to about 9.  I had a such a blast playing it with my coworkers, and I think the girls in charge of it did a good job of keeping a good mix of questions.The last few times I have been here, I have only had a couple different apps because I was on the happy hour menu, but even their burgers look pretty good. It's a place you can go a couple different times and get something different each time. I usually get this older red-headed waitress that tries to be as personable and friendly as possible-you can tell she's trying to make sure you have a good time so they can get repeat business, which is refreshing.  You can that employees like that care about the business (and why not, considering it's probably their livelihood).  Also a cool thing about this place: they have one of those popcorn machines so you can get yourself some popcorn to munch on while you're waiting for your food.  Or just as a side with your drink.They made some changes to the place that I think are going to be for the better.  Just be careful where you park, because some of the surrounding businesses will tow your car if you park in their lot.
The smoked meat sandwich was simply delicious! The beers on tap could use a bit more selection though.
Craving something sweet and refreshing? Do what I do: take yourself on a date with Rita!A regular ice topped with custard will set you back a cool $4.10, including tax, and you'll have your pick of about eight ice flavors and four custards. My pick, when it's in stock, is root beer float ice- cool like the soda, with a slight cream flavor, topped with thick vanilla custard. Vegas heat doesn't get much more bearable than with one of these in your hand.
I am fortunate enough to work in Inglewood so I can enjoy the Dragon Pearl for lunch anytime I like. The owners are lovely! They are always smiling and friendly. The Dragon Pearl has a fantastic lunch special. The portion is a fair size...enough for 2 lunches actually! I LOVE the Szechuan Beef! It's not that sticky, sweet mess you get in dingy food courts. The beef is so incredible tender and the vegetables are always perfectly cooked. Just the right amount of crunch from the broccoli... Yum! They also have a delicious Wor Wonton soup. Perfect for those chilly fall days.
I tried this restaurant for Arizona Restaurant Week. I really like this restaurant. The atmosphere is awesome, small, nice decor, nice music, and great customer service. Fuego Tacos has a great bar that offers an array of drinks, the food is superb. The offer for Restaurant Week was a three course meal with a glass of sangria. My husband and I loved our meal. We started with the taco salad, made with fresh ingredients and extremely flavorful. The chipotle dressing was the perfect amount of heat, we chose to have the salad made with the Pernil Asado. A perfect choice, heavenly! For the main course I had the Pernil Asado tacos. I LOVE this meat, so tender and has outstanding flavor. My husband had the Barbacoa tacos and we were not as impressed with this particular meat choice. The dessert was churros with ancho fudge sauce. I was not at all impressed with this dessert. The fudge sauce lacked ancho chile flavor, which was a complete disappointment. I would have preferred some heat.Overall, I loved the restaurant, the food and the customer service.  I will definitely go back again.
Here's the deal about Kahunaville:  I've never walked by without seeing a girl out front distributing 2-for-1 food and drink coupons.  In fact, she'll give you an unlimited supply if you keep walking past her.  Moreover, the bartender will accept an unlimited supply (on a single check!) and won't even hold you to the times specified on the coupons.That being said, follow these instructions:  (1) Order the VACATION.  (2) Order another VACATION.  (3) See #2.The Vacation is citrus vodka, coconut rum, peach schnapps, cranberry and pineapple juices.  The bartenders are generous with the liquor, and these WILL f*ck you up.  At $5-6 apiece, they are a deal with the coupons.The best meal deal is the basic burger.  I was too far gone to remember the actual name, but it was huge, tasty, and came with a ton of fries.We missed the flair show this time, but have seen it before, and that's a good time to pony up to the bar for free shots.  I'm just saying...
I came here for Spring Training (GO Angels!) with my family. The stadium itself is fabulous. Great size, lots of grass area for the cheaper tickets. Just bring a blanket and sunblock, and you're good to go!We came earlier than the game start time, so we had an opportunity to tailgate for a bit. The lot appeared to become quite crowded after some time, so I'm not sure that parking is plentiful. The staff were great, and allowed us to drink/eat in the lot. The only problem was that there are NO available restrooms/port-a-potties outside of the stadium. So unless you have an RV with you, you can't drink too much - otherwise, you're not going to have a place to take a leak. I did see several men taking trips behind a large cargo bin at the edge of the lot, but certainly no women. My sister-in-law and I had to shmooze some of the TV crew to let us use their own special port-a-potty because there was no other option.Aside from that ordeal, the stadium is roomy, clean, and sells plenty of food and booze. The views are beautiful, and the vibe is awesome. Looking forward to making this an annual trip!
Stumbled upon this place driving by and decided to stop in with no real expectations.  It is almost cafeteria feeling, just one big square with some booths on the outside and tables in the middle.  Decor is pretty run down and dated in that typical "Vietnamese Restaurant Decor".  We were greeted right away and told to sit wherever we wished.  The menus were clear and simple with a form to fill out what you wanted to order.  No sooner had we ordered than about 5 mins later our entire order arrived!The food was fantastic, fresh and full of flavour.  I always order salad rolls and these ones were rolled to a perfect size with shrimp and pork rolled up inside.My beef pho was excellent - they have size choices, which is great considering usually the average size bowl is huge.  I ordered the small and even it was a good sized meal.Customer service is exactly like the other reviewers stated - strictly business.  Polite but no frills for sure.All in all, it's a new favourite for us!
Just to preface, this is only a review of the bar/entertainment- not food. I honestly was skeptical at first to go to Level 20, but some friends suggested we go there for karaoke, and it was a blast!!!! The host was really nice and we all had such a good time. There was a good atmosphere. The drinks are reasonably priced too, I was expecting them to be more expensive from what I'd heard. Since then, we've been back for music trivia. It was fun, but I'm told that there was a substitute host that night, and tbh she was a little rude. Again, she's not the normal person so she could have just been stressed out or having a bad day. We still had fun though! Overall- We'll definitely be back! Probably not going to try the food though based on other people's experience.
I highly recommend this chapel if you are getting married or having your renewal vows in Las Vegas. The pastor is really nice and friendly. The chapel is pretty inside, and the prices are reasonable. And the packages include photographs and a video (though the video was not edited. Just a raw footage. All done by the same photographer and videographer who gives you the DVD and CD in just a few minutes after the ceremony. And when you leave, you do get a free book from the pastor about relationship. Overall the wedding ceremony was a short but sweet.Oops, no, I was not the one who got married, but if I do it in Las Vegas the next time I get married again, I would consider this place. But then again, that probably won't happen again since....oh okay, TMI. I better stop here, LOL. But if you find your true love and just want a low key fast wedding with just a few close guests, and the only way you can prove your love to each other is to get hitched, then this would be the place to do it without breaking your bank.By the way, I forgot to mention this important detail. Since I am a professional photographer myself, I asked if I could photograph the groom and the bride, and the pastor let us. Now if you go to other chapels in Las Vegas, for sure, they would never let you do that. Now that is a big plus for me in my book.
I love Tryst because it clean eating, whenever I feel like something healthy and easy, Tryst is always on my list. The fish taco's are amazing. The presentation is always fantastic and super tasty. The service sometimes on a busy night is a little slow and could be improved a little but I'm always willing to wait as they are really friendly. There also could be a little more range on the menu.
One our favorite local places to go. Mainly for the Pumpkin Porter. ( sure wish it wasn't seasonal) Also $3 you-call-its after 10pm . Good patio for a daytime drink. All of the food I have tried is pretty delicious, especially the spinach dip. Yum!Locals represent!
I've tried their other chicken flavours. But I'm hooked on their calypso chicken The service is nice and quick and just your typical fast food but the food is honestly amazing
Why so many bad reviews?! I headed straight for the clearance section in the back and left with a beautiful lace, flowy top for only $12.99 (regular price more that 3x times the cost of the sale item). I can't complain at all though. love that I scored the same top in a different color as the employee for a fraction of the retail price :)
Probably one of the most overrated Restaurants, but probably because they do so many group sales and business dinners. This is the only place that gets away charging Prime grade meat prices for choice cuts.Still, for a Prix fix dinner, it's some of the best service. Our server was super professional and was a sterling representation of well trained staff...  he even made sure my glass never got empty. The food was good as always, but I wouldn't say its the best Prime rib in town. You come here for the experience, and Yorkshire pudding.
Came in for a quick bite and the cheesesteak looked so good in the pic. Plus they have some good fries. Got the normal/reg cheesesteak which I got to go and it was placed in a nice big box. The problem with that is my sandwich got super soggy. Fries stayed crispy but I like it better when they wrap the sandwich and put the fries in a cup. Overall the inside of the sandwich was good. Next time I will have to opt for provolone on the reg sandwich as they put white American which is not the classic cheesesteak cheese in my book. Service could be nicer but what do you expect from a food court in the mall
Food was good, however i asked which shakes are 1/2 price off they said all of them, so i asked for a sonic blast then stated that isnt half price. So you really have to explain which ones are 1/2 price like com on dude i asked for a damn reason.
This was a great art museum. With three buildings to go around to, you're sure to find some piece that will be your favorite amongst them. There's a parking lot associated with the museum but it's very small. However, there's plenty of FREE street parking all around so that's probably your best bet. Ticket costs $20, $15 with a student discount, and $10 with a military discount. The cafe and shop were a little on the smaller side which is weird because there's a giant open space right next to both so they have room to expand. Despite this, it's worthwhile to take a couple hours and visit this awesome museum with unique exhibits and art pieces!
This park just recently opened.  One of the nicer family parks I've been too that have a lot of fun spots for the kids and plenty of picnic table space.
This was one of the best massages I have had, and I have been in many luxury hotel spas.  Diana was my masseuse and she was wonderful, ask for her there.  The price was very good ($90 CAD) for 60 minutes.  I did not give it 5 stars because the amenities are ok but it is clean, and has a steam room.I recommend it highly if you're in the area.
Great decor (dark and ornate, with a bit of a steampunk theme to it), brilliant cocktails, and extremely tasty food.Best tater tots in the southwest. Not that I've had too many upscale tots to compare them to. Nevertheless, they rocked my mouth-world. There was only one thing I didn't like about this place: the server tried to up-sell me a side dish, claiming that everything was a la carte; this was not at all accurate. My veal cheeks came with a perfect portion of potatoes and veggies. Maybe SOME entrees lacked sides, but mine was not one of them. Unless that server's primary ambition is to make the world a fatter place, I think he might be better suited to the sale of used cars.
We enjoyed our meal at Georges.  Service was very cordial and pacing was relaxed (which we prefer, some may call it slow).  I would have to say my filet was slightly overcooked but the bernaise , frites and haricots verts were great.Nice selection of wines and Belgian / Craft beers.
The food was great! I love the Royal Red Robin. The bottomless fries always prevent me from ordering dessert though, I get too full.
Summary: This review is long overdue.  I travel frequently to LV and make it a point to stay at a variety of hotels; I figure work's paying for it, so I may as well live a little :) .  During those trips, I've stayed at PH Westgate several times.  For the money, PH Westgate is one of the better deals on the strip.Plusses:* The rooms are awesome.   My coworkers said they were nice, but suspected they were a bit cheesy with the whole PH themes for each room.  But I must admit I was pretty impressed when I opened the door to the room and the blinds automatically opened to a pretty awesome view.  The decor is very nice, clean and modern.* Bed is very comfortable.* Good location.  Midtown.  Lots of stuff nearby.* No resort fee.Minuses:* You will have a long, long walk to and from the garage.  And that's assuming you don't make a wrong turn :)
Fitness Cafe.  You walk in, its clean and tidy. You can see what is going on behind the counter, which I love.The owner is awesome, extremely friendly.The only annoyance is that if your in sweats and glasses and not feeling like running into anyone "Scottsdale" this is not the place.Pretty much looks like the LA Fitness in Tempe or the 24 hour fitness next door. Which is understandable. If anyone has been to either of those locations- its one of those gyms where the girls where butt sucking spandex and prance around from treadmill to treadmill with an Ipod in one ear and a cell phone in the other...Not all of us are on the HCG/HGH train-so between the photos on the wall of the hottest bodies around and running into the Affliction wearing meat-heads I try to avoid most days.......it doesnt make me wanna shove my face full of any sort of food, healthy or not.Gotta say-LOVE LOVE LOVE THE MENU.....SO MUCH TO OFFER. So many healthy choices, in fact if there was a fitness cafe express/drive thru... I would eat there daily, breakfast lunch and dinner.The menu has smoothies, breakfast wraps with egg whites- my favorite is the "All shook up" which is a combo of chicken, rice, broccoli etc...If you order a chicken sandwich thats exactly what it is. A very nicely cooked piece of chicken...not like anywhere else where you know they just stuck a costco special piece of chicken in a deep fryer.On a scale of 1-10 for the food I would give it a 9.7, deducting a smidge for flavor- but who cares if it is healthy right?????Location and no drive thru ---- 6.....
Tasty and delicious I keep coming back for the walnut cakes. The staff are extremely friendly and I absolutely love the walnut cakes. I also tried the red bean sherbet which was okay but I am not usually a fan of shaved ice. Whenever I am in koreatown, I always have to make a stop at Hodo Kwaja before I leave.
This one very cool place to eat!  Reminds me of the old Mob hangout, the food is rich and large portions and staff are real friendly.  The only thing it seems a bit on the pricy side.Not a every day place, but definitely a few times a year place.
The best Steak Ive ever had.Ive tried steak from just about every place known for great steak and the Rib eye here is completely unbelievable. Charred just right but still perfectly medium, it was lightly flavored with pepper and salt thus letting the flavor of the meat shine through. For the four of us we had three entrees, Lamb- pretty good but I have had betterPrime rib- incredible but I have had better Au jus, though the cut and the meat was excellent. The portions were so big though that four people couldn't finish it all(we always share so that we can get the maximum variety of tastes)
Spotted Erin's at a gas stop during a six hour trek to the north woods.  Let's see, lunch at a greasy spoon or at an Irish pub? No-brainer.  The kids loved their sandwiches and the wife said her reuben was yum.  I had the chicken spinach-artichoke sammy and a tall draft Guinness.  Happy Dad.  Server was efficient and friendly to the kids.  I can't comment on the Friday night drinking scene but this may become a regular stop for us when traveling north.
If you're looking for some bomb coffee and delicious pastries, this is the place to come. My friends and I frequent this cafe weekly just before our Makeden sewing class next door. And it's become a favorite part of our routine. Their coffees are strong and pastries are decadent. We try something new and every time we visit. Their service does tend to be slow as there's always only one person working the till and making the coffees. Plus, no debit-just cash and credit which can be super annoying.
This place is Krazy. It was unexpectedly very good. It could just be my expectations were low to begin with, so even average food exceeded my expectations.  I've driven past it dozens of times but never considered trying it because of the name. That is until one day I was craving crab legs and searched Yelp for a decent seafood buffet. Krazy Buffet popped up and I figured for a fraction of the price of a casino buffet, I'd give it a try. I was nervous about eating here (I mean, what can you really expect from a place that misspelled crazy?) But I was surprised at how good it turned out to be.First I should mention they only have crab legs for dinner which starts at 4pm. If you paid for lunch and stay around for the crab they will charge you extra. At least that's what the sign says.Anyway, the crab legs were just ok. I don't know if they were frozen or pre-cooked, but the texture seemed a bit squishy to me. But hey, it was still worth it because it's crab! We ate so much crab I think they were happy to see us leave.The selection of other items was pretty good. It's what you would typically expect from a Chinese buffet. The items that stood out to me were the large steamed shrimp with shell on (a bit bland but very fresh), clams, meatballs, tiramisu, and strawberries.Service was great. Everyone was so friendly, they kept our drinks full and our table clear. Obviously a buffet is self serve but the employees here are much more pleasant than some expensive high end restaurants I've been to. I'd recommend it for a cheap meal.
I had no lunch plans and was looking for a new spot. Now I must admit that this was before I had been turned onto Yelp so I was still relying on colleague recommendations. Having grown up on Middle Eastern food any opportunity I get to take down an authentic Gyro I won't pass up. So my buddy Dan and I go to one of his old local favorites Haji-Baba. I order the Gyro and fries and was blown away. The price was cheap; the meat was well seasoned and thinly sliced. I hate it when they slice it too thick.All in all I had a great time the only reason why it didn't get five stars is it took a while because it was slammed during lunch. But if you work anywhere near ASU in Tempe and are craving a good Gyro don't think twice...Haji Baba.
This place has patio seating and great view, I am not just talking about the pool and decor, the pool view here is like if you are visiting Hugh Hefners pool. Swarmed with hot people!This is why they get 4 stars instead of 3.I would normally give this place 3-4 stars on food quality. But all the food is fine! I expect a lot from the quality of rice and beans.I used to come here often, because I was so lucky to live 2 mins away. They  have OK drinks, that is why they don't get 5 stars. I had a bloody mary here, and although I enjoyed it, it could have been way better! Advice: stronger and less diluted please! (But maybe I feel this way because everytime I am here I am looking for a bit more than just a buzz, jk)
Great breakfast - had steak and eggs.Pace and service is VERY leisurely, even during the week.  We enjoyed our breakfast outside on the "veranda" overlooking the Venezia pool.
We had a great dim sum lunch experience here this weekend!There were about 20 people waiting outside when we arrived, so I thought that Andrew and I would have to wait for half an hour or more to get in, but to our surprise, we were seated right away in a small anteroom with several small tables and two large ones. A waiter brought us a pot of tea and forks/knives for Andrew, too.I had dim sum with my family all the time growing up so I knew what I was doing, but Andrew was a little startled and put off by the nature of the service, especially when two cart-pushers got into a traffic jam near our table and shouted at each other. It's all part of the chaotic, fast-paced dim sum experience, though. I got us rice sheet rolls with bbq pork, shumai (shrimp/pork/mushroom), hakow (shrimp), pork potstickers, and eggplant stuffed with shrimp. Everything was extremely yummy and we were full after only 15 minutes! We didn't feel pressured to leave when we were done (nor, apparently, did the folks at the table next to us, who sat without food, discussing TMI health problems for the entire time we were there).You really don't need to speak Chinese to eat here--I don't--the servers call out the names of their dishes in English, and you can hold up your fingers to say how many you'd like, or just point and nod. No pressure to take anything you don't want to--just shake your head or avoid eye contact altogether. At the end, wave to one of the waiters and they add up your stamp card and ring you up at your table. It was $22 + tip for the two of us--not bad at all, considering how much food and the variety of dumplings we got!It was definitely comparable to many dim sum restaurants I've been to in the San Francisco area! Next time it might be nice to come with more people, so we can try more dishes between us plus some of the stuff from the menu, but we'd also probably have to wait longer. When we left, there were probably 40 or 50 people waiting to be seated!Yum yum yum. Now back to Burlington, to dream of dim sum until our next Montreal visit.
The sweet potato latte which Misti wrote about was what got me interested in coming here. However, it was a warm day and our bellies were full of hotpot. I wanted something cooling, so I got the patbingsu (regular size).The server who made the patbingsu really stuffed it to the brim! He even apologized for the fact that it would be messy to eat, as there was so much stuff in it. There was a nice amount of shaved ice, kiwi, banana, strawberry, boba, mango, watermelon, and the mochi bits. I loved the mochi bits, they were the perfect size!As were waiting for the patbingsu (and my friend's iced coffee), the smell of the taiyaki fish cakes wafted into the air. We decided to get one and split it. Well, "one" was actually "one order" - it came with 5 of the fishies. When we sat outside to eat everything, my friend noticed on a window poster that the fishies can come in different flavors (chocolate, red bean, and one other which I can't remember). The server didn't ask us what flavor we wanted, so it was just the standard red bean. While I love red bean fishies, I think my friend would have preferred chocolate as he said the red bean fishies were "meh".This is a cute space, with interesting treats. Definitely sit outside and enjoy the sun with your treats if you can.
I went to this venue for the first time last Friday, and I was very surprised. It was a music show, and the sound was very good. The drinks are also cheap for a theater, and the decor has some cachet.Great venue for shows, definitely recommend it.
I have passed this location at least 100 times in the past 4 years, always have seen the neon beer signs in the window and thought to myself......"odd place for a bar."I finally stopped this weekend.   If you like DIVE BARS this is your place.....Sunday fun day is in full effect now! Beer selection could be better but the greasy burgers coming off the grill where perfect!!!!Juke Box, pool tables, darts and a whole bar full of old men that look like they've been coming there for 50 years.The one waitress they had day was nothing short of Super Woman......all by herself and carried a great attitude the whole time.....SHE"S A KEEPER!!!!AND SUPER CHEAP!!   PUB N GRUB-------I AM A FAN!!!!!
I've eaten here in several times when visiting  and have always enjoyed it. Had lunch today and it was tasty as always. I had their lunch special of Red Curry Shrimp. For less then eight bucks, I had soup (broth was good but didn't care for the veggies in it), a small side salad, spring roll, Jasmine rice, and a good serving of Red Curry. I left very full and satisfied. The level of spice was perfect and everything flavorful. Service was quick and friendly. I also had the Thai iced tea, which I found was heavy on the milk. Overall, i really enjoyed my meal and would come back next time I'm in town again!
This is my go-to when I don't bring lunch to work as it is just across the street from me. It is a quaint little place, with authentic Turkish dishes made fresh every day. I gave it 4 stars just because I noticed that the portions are much smaller now than it was when it first opened. They also stopped making the orangey rice that I loved. However, I love how tender the chicken is--the meat falls off the bone. If you're ever in the area, you should give this place a try. It is quiet, has amazing food and the servers are really accomodating. Plus, they have Turkish coffee!
The doctor has since called and emailed me and asked if there is anything that he can do (I can't imagine there is so I rudely didn't respond) and while it is not likely I would ever go back I really appreciate his efforts. Receptionists come and go but this is the doctors practice so the stars are back up...
Went this afternoon and ordered pork lomein and sweet/sour chicken.  Delicious!
This is a really great find!! I am not sure if the off season and the cleaning of the pool brought lower prices but the $$$ is certainly not true. I paid $85 per night in July. It is well kept, nice added features, cute patio, a very nice lobby with high back couches and chairs all over, with free happy hour wine. They have 2 pools, one is a sand beach feel. They also have nice fire pits at nite with smores each night. Staff were very pleasant. Patio and Adirondack chairs are a comfortable feature. Beds are comfy with down comfortable and pillows. Tub is not great but if you are not here to take a tub bath, all is good. Two separate mirror areas for getting ready is an added feature. They have ihome alarm and ipod set up for music etc. The only thing I could say as a negative is that there is a minor smell to the room each time you come in. Oh and a free shuttle to all the restaurants and 5h Avenue. Pleasant drivers. Convenient location to Old Town and a great Hotel.
Great food and good portions, service was ok. As soon as we walked in, we stand there for a minute waiting to get seated but no one came. 3 waiters walked pass us and didn't even welcome us or say hey.
This spot is cool.  Small with a local flair.  Had their jerk chicken poutine (it was ok...bit too salty), jerk oxtail dinner (amazing), and brownie cheesecake with ice cream and baileys (really good). Friendly service and great comfort food.
Finding Italian worth eating in north west phoenix is not exactly easy - there are very few spots that offer good quality Italian food - i will say This place is one of them! I found this place through a best friend of mine and now frequent the establishment often. I love love love there pasta! Its cooked to perfection and there sauces are spot on! Pasta Giovanni is a fave but i also love the Alfredo and there pesto Alfredo - all of there sauces are on point! There is also Pizza and all the classic favs like lasagna and eggplant parm! They have great appetizers like Italian fried cheese and Calamari - believe it or not there fries are amazing!!!! Ever try fries with red sauce or pesto aoli ?  You should :))) they have killer huge salads as well - i love the tuna salad :) The service is awesome! Im a bar girl so i never sit in the dining room but the bar service is on point! Especially when Suzy is on Shift - she is friendly and funny and always glad you came :) not to mention how she cares about the little things like Halloween Napkins - that made my day brighter! Oh yeah! If your into clam chowder they serve it Fridays made from scratch and it is the BEST in the Valley! Why 4 stars and not 5... Well i don't like there bread. The bread tastes cheap and preservative like - its just not good. I would love if they stepped there game up and tried a better Italian or french bread - i would eat sandwiches then - which they offer quite a few of but the bread is so bad i will not do it as of now. Overall its awesome - and i love it here!!! :)))
We always get the 2 large 2 topping deal! It's best for our family on the weekend... thin crust is where it's at for sure! Also I will always love the yummy garlic sauce cups
This place serves the best chicken biryani I have ever had.. hands down! When I was pregnant with my daughter, I craved their biryani that I ended up having it several times (yes im guilty of overloading on carbs!) love love love! I would suggest that the restaurant needs an upgrade tho... it doesn't look very professional inside and when I came here while I was pregnant, the chairs were not very comfortable at all but the biryani is ON POINT!
I got the Buffalo Bill. It was a bison patty with bacon and Frank's red hot sauce. It was great! The burger was cooked perfectly! I mean, I don't know how bison is usually made but it tasted great so I'm assuming it was cooked well. It was spicy and savory! I strongly recommend it. I also got some of the Parnassian truffle fries. They were really good but I wouldn't recommend eating a while order by yourself. They are full of flavor and it can be easy to go a little over board with them. But the regular fries were equally delicious! Very brown and very crispy just like I like them! I thought I might as well try a shake while I'm here and boy am I glad I did! I got the pretzel and Nutella shake by recommendation of our server. She did not let me down at all! The shake was pretty thin and easy to drink and was topped off with pretzel chunks. Needless to say it was amazing!!! Only gripe was that when I walked in I was really unsure of what to do. Took me a few minutes to figure out that I needed to order at the counter. But now I know :)
We happened upon Wild Fusion because we were in the area for a soccer game and needed to work dinner into the evening. The positive Yelp reviews brought us here.Let me start by saying that this place puts other Chinese takeout spots to shame on so many levels. I'll try to name them all:1. It is nice, bright, and super clean.2. It has a real wooden table with real wooden chairs AND a nice little sushi bar for those who choose to eat in. Those who have attempted to "eat in" at your typical Chinese carryout place will know why this is mentioned.3. Staff is friendly.4. Non-canned vegetables are used in their dishes.5. The chicken was much more high-quality than the norm at such places.We shared 2 sushi rolls, a dumpling appetizer and the garlic chicken. Food was well prepared and came out fairly quickly. Everything was very good, with the sushi being a pleasant surprise.If we're in the area, we'd definitely eat here again.
This place was awesome. Definitely one of my fav hakka restaurants. Strong flavours all around and their hot sour soup was on point. Definitely recommend the Bombay chicken and the green curry. The green curry was so flavourful. It was, dare I say it, even comparable to high end Thai restaurants like Pai but for fraction of the cost! The owner served us and he was super nice and accommodating. If you're not from around here, lock your cars cause the plaza ain't no gated community.
I think Muddy's review hits the nail on the head. This gym is for getting in, working out, and getting out, and nothing more. It has most of the equipment that you need and it's generally in good repair (recently one piece was broken for over a week--too long in my book). There are some things I'd like to see (squat bar pads that aren't worn out, enough collars for all of the olympic bars -seriously, how much do those cost?!-, a decline bench, better selection of curl bars, etc.), but even with that, it's tough to beat the price. However, given that Golds has basically the same price with many more amenities, they should probably consider addressing some of these issues (including more sanitizer, paper towels, etc.) or they may lose customers. For now, I'll stick with F19.
I got a chance to enjoy my second visit in 2 years to Planet Dailies. This venue touts the largest menu in Vegas and provides a fun, casual environment to dine in. I had the chicken avocado sandwich which was yummy. Our waiter was really nice and chatty. He made sure we had everything we needed and answered questions about the voluminous options. It's kind of like the Cheescake Factory where you can basically get anything you want. This is an economical and convenient option for eating on a budget. One quick note, we bought vouchers for $3 for 50% off the total bill at the same day ticket kiosk. Enjoy!
We were visiting Toronto from Upstate NY - had never been there before. When visiting a new city my wife and I do our best to "live like a local"... and we had a difficult time choosing where to eat as it seems Toronto has just about anything you can think of. But we decided upon Bannock because they were listed as Canadian Cuisine - which is something I'm unfamiliar with. We were not disappointed, whatsoever. The food was delicious. The atmosphere was intimate, and kinda trendy. The service was wonderful. The price was very reasonable... we spent $100 for two dinners, desserts, and drinks. Try the Bannock Bannock - the smoked salmon was perfect.
We stayed there while bowling womens national tournament great room nice and quiet great food also recommend the Italian place great food.
I was away from my typical neighborhood stomping grounds when I suddenly had a craving for fried chicken. I found this spot, Soul Foo Young and just had to try it - Chinese food and Southern food - together!I walked into the bar, went to the order window and dinged the bell. Georgia came to the window and started up on telling me all about the food she was serving that day, she is so nice and clearly cooks with southern love. I went for the Bruce Leroy special - which is from the movie  "The Last Dragon" from the 80's. I used to watch that movie all the time! The Bruce Leroy consists of 3 southern style fried chicken wings with Chinese fried rice. The food is cooked to order - and good fried chicken takes at least 15 minutes. So it is fresh, it just takes a little while. When it did finally come out, it was soo tasty. The Chinese fried rice really goes well with southern fried chicken which was crunchy and well seasoned. Her fried chicken took me back to the time I visited Jackson, Mississippi. So yummy. Next time I would like to try her chicken smothered in gravy, egg foo young, and collard greens - since I have to get my veggies in somehow.One of the things about this spot is that it inside the Double Diamond Bar and because it is a bar, next time I would definitely order ahead for take out - unfortunately eating at the smoky bar can take away from the yummy food Georgia is serving up.Call ahead, ask Georgia for recommendations, and order for take out!
Man, I hadn't been to this King's in years. Friday night, we needed supplies from Wal Mart, so we stopped in for dinner. It's interesting how King's is Eat N Park's opposite number, it's Bizarro-world counterpart if you will.EnP has the Smiley cookie. King's answers it with the brilliant and rebellious (well, for a family chain anyway) Frownie. EnP has the Superburger. King's has the K-Boy.Yeah, I know. It sounds like the name of a rapper or club DJ. And it's exactly like the Superburger in almost every way. You get those moist, grey patties that taste better than their looks would have you think. They are both double-deckers. Each has its "special sauce" along with the shredded lettuce, the tomato, the diner-borne chutzpah.However can ya get a fried egg on your Superburger?"Ah-hahhh" says Hartley King, the company's larger-than-life founder and frontman. So we'll call it a 4 star draw. The Superburger and the K-Boy both go to the 1-hour time limit in their dream match. And don't forget  to try this amazing sundae on Memorial Day, which includes deep-fried (!) Frownies, to help support area veterans. It's still on the menu...http://kingsfamily.com/about/in-the-news.aspxP.S. Our waitress Alycia was whipsmart like Liz Phair and a joy to be served by.
Great Red wine- Curvee/ Geyser MerlotWith Shrimp tamale, Nacho w/goat cheese, main (Lamb Chops) and vanilla toffee pudding.  Look the ambience! Great for team outting while at Conf. in Vegas.
Went here for breakfast during the week.  They had a great selection of entrees.  Ordered beignets and a croissant.  Both were amazing start to the breakfast.  I had the omelette special and my wife had another breakfast special.  The potato sticks on my wife's dish were really good.
Exactly what I was looking for. Just good, fast take-out Chinese food. The food was really good and the vegetables were fresh. I'll definitely be a return customer.
Flour & Barley is located on the LINQ Promenade.  This place has really good wood fire pizzas.  You can buy the pizza by the slice at the stand right next to the restaurant.  If you want to try their specialty pizzas, you will have to order from the restaurant. Each pizza is about 11 inches, and the crust is really thin.  I recommend people to get their own pizzas instead of sharing.  I got to try the mushroom pizza and it was one of my favorites.  There was a decent amount of mushrooms.  I also tried the Big Apple pizza, which is just spicy pepperoni.  This was also tasty.Overall, great place to get pizzas.  The staff is very nice and friendly to their customers.  I would definitely come back!
Very nice place, clean with good food and an awesome attention. I was there on a sunday around 5pm. Bartender was super nice and very helpful. Food was good. Not extraordinary but very good. Good place for a date or a meeting.
OMG. The best pasta everrrr ! I always make sure I stop by here on my travels to Charlotte. You choose what you want to put in it and they make the pasts right in front of you. They also have a pizza selection that they make in front of you too for the pizza lovers. The atmosphere is pleasant and very cute for dates !
Had a great time at this Asian fusion restaurant in cenpho with friends last night! The patio was perfect for a March evening, and wasn't loud like I thought it would be for being on a busy street. We all started with cocktails and I ordered the sloe burn (I love bourbon/whiskey) - it was really good. Very complex flavors and a little spice at the end. I'd recommend it if you're a fan of anything in the whiskey category.We each ordered a steamed bun and I had the Peking duck - the bun is a little more taco-esque than your typical steam bun, but the meat was tender and the sauce that came with it is awesome. My husband had the catfish and it was my favorite. The pineapple tartar sauce on it is awesome. We all ended up getting noodles for our main dishes. I got the pork ramen. I am a novice ramen connoisseur but do enjoy a good bowl of ramen - it was very good. The kicker is that it's topped with the sexiest slow poached egg I've ever seen in my life, just oozy and silky perfect with the broth and the pork. The kale in the ramen didn't really work for me, it had an acidic taste to it that I wasn't in to, but the noodles were cooked well and the pork/bacon was delicious. The broth was nice, not super heavy. I tried the curry that my husband got and it was awesome - great spicy flavor with coconut and peppers. Those udon noodles were on point. All in all, we had a good time. I would go back for happy hour, they have good drink specials and appetizers!
Judging by others' reviews, we were really lucky. Aside from a minor mistake on the hotel's part when checking in, we had a wonderful time at The Flamingo. The bathroom was bright pink and had a TV in the mirror, and we had a view of the strip! The beds were the best I've ever slept on and the staff were really helpful when asked.I loved their pool (the adult one) with the giant Flamingos spouting water out of their beaks and if you are going to the other one, make sure you get up early to snag a lounger because they are hard to get! We ended up going to the over-21's pool just because it was quieter and there were free sun loungers there.We loved the Flamingo and had a really good time there. The location was brilliant and our stay was really pleasant.
I would post a picture of the food but it's too late! Visiting Cleveland for the night and decided to come here because they have a nice patio and allow pups!! It turned out that their food was delicious too! My fiancé ordered the classic old fashion and I got the French 65. Both were delicious and boozy! For food we got a bunch of snacks to share. Our favorites include the confit wings (they are amazing and way better than any other wings you have had!) and the Brussels sprouts were delicious! Would definitely come back!  The only negative I would have is that it is located in a fairly congested and touristy street. But well worth the visit!
While a single visit is not enough to justify an excellent or terrible rating, I was impressed with my recent encounter here. My dog had become very sick in a short amount of time and I called several vets who had no opening until later that afternoon. Crossroads was able to get me in right away and they were very helpful and thorough. The vet tech/front office employee was obviously very busy but she stayed polite and professional the entire time.The doctor did not simply tell me what he was going to do, but he discussed the options with me and let me decide on the care that my dog received based on price and desired level of care. They were very efficient; it took less than thirty minutes from the time I arrived until my dog was treated and we were out the door. The price that I paid for this care was reasonable, even less than I was expecting. I am grateful that they were able to help us so quickly and thoroughly.
I've only been here a couple of times, mostly for the cajun fries. Truly fresh cut fries and it's awesome that they load it up in your bag so a small order is really a medium. Although I did enjoy their burger, it was typical. I didn't think it was outstanding in any particular way. Worth the try though and you can snack on peanuts while you wait!
This is a place that you must bring an out of town guest to, and if you really want to be creative with how to propose marriage this would be a good place to, heck it's good for any occasions other than break-ups and affair confessions. It's a throwback to the 50s soda parlor, it's so old school, and quite cute! Everything's pink, that it almost feels like Barbie is the owner of the store and she just wanted everyone to know pink is the color of the ultimate diva! Their's a soda bar and booths, and tables and chairs, and it's a great family friendly atmosphere. During the days it attracts families and in the evening, couples, teens, and kids at heart! I like their changing flavors of the month board where you can take out either a pint of quart of their hand packed ice cream!They offer shakes, floats, splits, and cones/bowls of ice cream! love it! And during the day there's also a food menu limited to sandwiches. One thing you'll notice when seated are the many frames of Family Circle comics. Bil Keane the comic strip writer is a big fan of Sugar Bowl and alot of his comics mention the place, so it's pretty cool a comic strip celebrates the awesomeness of this old town landmark. These are my favorites, the top hat sundae, the buster brownie, the Desireme (D-Sire-Me) Banana Split and the 23 skiddoo!! Love them all and if I have no plans to go out, I'm willing to trek out from my place in Chandler to Old Town to pick up some ice cream and some quarts to go! It's laid back and chill... hence I've come back ever since I first went here back in 2005. Oh and the proposal thing happened to a friend of mine, her husband proposed to her at one of the booths... I think it was the 23 skiddoo!!
Let's pretend for a moment that we're bigshots! We want huge steaks, giant glasses of wine, and beautiful waitresses serving us. It's Friday night and we're getting drunk. That's the feeling at Bandera. Excess is normal and we love it!Bandera intends to be a serious steakhouse, but they only have three steaks on the menu. That's pretty good compared to the rest of Arizona though. I ordered the fillet mignon with spiced curry powder. Perfectly cooked to my liking (medium rare), the curry powder was balanced, providing a nice zip that vanished as soon as it was detected. The grill masters really know their stuff, as the wood fire grill provides a beautiful aromatic char.My entree came with a gargantuan piece of broccoli, fitting the theme of excess, as well as an accompaniment of shoestring fries. The fries were thin, crispy, and dainty, being the only reminder to an outside world where things aren't always super-sized. It was a great balance to everything else that evening. Service is gorgeous and polite. At the bar, the wait staff is a bit hectic as they need to handle two types of requests at the same time. But it's forgivable and the food more than makes up for it.Highly recommended if you're a voracious carnivore.
Went here last weekend and had a great meal. It was pretty busy when we arrived, which is always a good sign. We wanted to sit on the patio since the evenings have been so nice lately and the host said it might be a little while. Not a problem, we just went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited. He came by once or twice after to ensure us that we would be seated soon, which was nice. I had heard good things about the cocktails and ended up ordering the No. 17. It was awesome and I would definitely order it again. My sister got the No. 6 and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well. We decided to split the fondue and crab cake BLT. The fondue was great and the pretzels and sausage were perfect dippers. The crab cake BLT was good, but nothing really memorable. I don't think its anything against the sandwich itself, but just that I realized I prefer crab to crab cakes. Church potatoes were an awesome side! Service was attentive and the food was well spaced out. We weren't rushed and enjoyed spending the evening enjoying the nice patio dining. Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
Barre 101 is a great workout where you can pretend you're a ballerina.You'll sweat a ton and feel defeated but it'll be worth it with those quads you'll acquire. Unlike other barre classes there's a greater focus on strengthening and endurance vs. cardio. Who needs cardio ;) Weights are used so you can choose how difficult you want it to be. Just wish the classes had some more variation with the playlist / choreography.  I can probably list the songs to each segment of the class. Ps. There's also student discount.
Came here for Valentine's Dinner (because all of the local Asian markets sold out of Lobster) and that was our desired main course for dinner. The lobster is 15.00 per lb and it was just upsetting that they automatically tell you the lobster is 4.5 lbs exactly on the dot. It would be more comforting to see a receipt of the actually precise weight of the $65 lobster just to make sure we are truly getting what we pay for. However, the lobster was incredible and we had no complaints of how flavorful and delicious it was. It does not compare to the fresh lobster back in New York, but it was delicious I must tell you that much. It comes with a pot of rice and we got a coconut gelatin dessert at the end not sure if it's the usual thing they do or if it was a Valentine's Day special? We've been here once before for a wedding reception and the food was one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever had here in Az. Would love to come try their Dim Sum another time!
We had an extra large group come here for a special department lunch. While I was not impressed to find out they really wanted us to book it for 11 AM (who eats at 11?) in the end, it made up for the fact that we were treated so well when we got there. Spectacular seating area that worked for our group, with a quaint fireplace. Service was fantastic, servers were super attentive. The prime rib was excellent. I meant to take half home but ended up devouring it all. I definitely will return, with both large groups and a more casual outing.
Tasty food, solid drink selection, and great location in the heart of downtown Champaign. It's not on my "must-visit" list, but it's one of my regular options for lunch or night on the town. I'd recommend the beer battered bacon cheeseburger. It's delicious and beyond indulgent.I'm not a fan of their house brews, though. It seems like, regardless of style, most of them taste too much alike. I'm just not a fan of the brewmaster's style.
Limited menuThe food was good but a little pricey but worth itMac and cheese balls were good starterHamburger was good especially with the fried pickle  Fish taco was good but should have come with a side dish includedThe cornbread is not worth the $4 The had the nerve to charge $2 for a thimble of BBQ sauce for the hamburger which was terribleThe sweet potato desert was greatThey need to up there game and stop being pettyWe will give them another try
Where the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most. Canes chicken doesn't have anything really spacial about it and the fries are not anything exciting either. But the sauce is amazing i have to get four extra every time to dip my chicken and my fries in it. I am a fan of slaw but canes slaw is pretty bland so I usually substitute more toast for the slaw.
It was time for a meal with my cousin, who is always willing to hit a new spot. She had been to 1847 before and recommended we go. Off to Brooklin, I drove by it 3 times. *facepalm* Their Twitter feed said that the week after my visit, they had a new awning installed making it more visible. Glad to hear it! It used to be the home of a bank, complete with a vault, now set up as a party room. The décor has an expensive pub feel. All of the furniture is dark wood accompanied by high ceilings and large windows that let in lots of natural light. The atmosphere is cozy and comfortable. They also have a patio. The tables were a little close together if you were sitting at a table for 2. The bar is stocked with a great variety of beer and wines, including brews from the local brewers, 5 Paddles. 1847 is known for sourcing locally. I'm not just talking about food! Local musicians frequently play here. Anything from blues to rock can be heard. The menu changes as the seasons change. They source locally and seasonally to ensure the freshest ingredients. This is not your common pub! Feeling the need for apps, she chose the Local Green Salad and I picked the Goat Cheese. The salad was fresh and crisp topped with radish, cucumber and cherry tomatoes and smothered in a sherry vinaigrette. Meant to be a starter salad, it was a decent size! The pistachio goat cheese was warm and rich. Whenever I've had goat cheese, it's always come with some sort of bread; I expected it, even though the description didn't say it. This dish made me rethink appetizers, goat cheese doesn't NEED bread. The local beets with walnut apple slaw was delicious. I never thought of putting all of those foods on one plate! A pleasant surprise! As for the main dishes, she had the Roasted Chicken with Butternut Squash Risotto and I had the Pork Tenderloin. The roasted chicken was so tender and juicy, it almost fell off the bone. It was atop a pile of creamy butternut squash risotto. It's official, butternut squash is amazing in everything! My pork medallions were savoury and perfectly cooked. The potato pancakes that came with it, weren't like I'm used to. They were breaded. I'm not sure if that's normal, but the jus from the pork made the breading soggy. I was sad. I love potato pancakes! The roasted vegetables smothered in the jus disappeared rather quickly. Yummy. The table next to us had an issue with one of their meals and the server took care of it in a very professional manner. He made sure that it was corrected and that they were pleased. It's nice to see how restaurants handle kitchen or service issues and they did well. Except one thing. Since our server was busy handling the next table's issue, he just brought us the bill without offering us anything else. We wanted dessert! We even snagged some dessert menus! Oh well, will save room for the next visit! Yes, there WILL be a next visit, even if I have no other reason to be in Brooklin. :D It's a delightful place with great staff and chefs. Check it out! Farm to Table ALL THE WAY!
A regular spot for us it has a great space and garden patio. The menu is short and sweet. I had the glazed salmon and broccoli and it was great. The Posole is fantastic here btw
Pretty decent food.  Service was pretty good as well.  Wish the restaurant had more beef items on the menu though.  Just needs a big neon Texas sign on the wall too!
Cute coffee shop located in Chagrin Falls.On a recent trip, we needed the baby to take a nice long car nap, so we hopped in the car and drove the 45 minutes to Chagrin Falls to get him to sleep (haha).It's a cute coffee shop located in a plaza on Washington- they have drinks and also a small breakfast menu consisting of various pastries, breakfast sandwiches, and health bowls.We got a simple pour over and an Inca tea- they informed us, for our tea, that the tea bag can be used twice (why don't all places tell you that!) and that they'll refill your cup a second time. I thought that was a nice gesture!We ordered their avocado toast drizzled with honey, and it was delicious. Their breakfast tacos were also on point too. The coffee was good, I just prefer other roasters in the city more (duck rabbit, six shooter), but it is a nice option on the east side.So, after seeing the waterfall in Chagrin Falls and you need a cup of coffee, definitely drop by Tame Rabbit!
A good spot for lunch or dinner. Super friendly staff. Chips and salsa are good. Tasty margaritas.  They offer a nice outside seating area. Lots of menu options. My husband loves their fish tacos.
We visited during non peak hours, it was around 1-2pm so we easily grabbed a table with no problems. Cute little place, great energy and nice staff. The Cuban panini was killer and the shrimp and crab salad hit the spot! A bit pricey for what you get but the quality is there.
Every once in a while I crave a Gyro and when I do, this is my place!  The tortilla is so soft and yummy and the beef-lamb is so tender and flavored just perfect!  The family meal deal is great as are the kids meals which are half a gyro with a side of fries and a drink.  Great place for a gyro!  The Baklava is amazing and a very good portion, best for sharing!
Best coffee in the St Clair West neighborhood. The had my favorite tea brand, and consistently quality coffee. The seating and interior is beautiful and comfortable. This is a veritable Italian cafe.
Seen this place a couple of times  finally went In , and I gotta say the food was pretty amazing. The babe back ribs were tender an delicious , the greens were good an juicy, the Mac an cheese was ok but the corn bread muffins were to die for ! We also got fried chicken which was most defiantly finger licking good hshaha ! But how ever we also got the smoked ribs , I was so hungry when I seen the pictures of the beef ribs but it ended up being no meat on the bones what so ever. Also liked that I called in an they had no problem making portions for me an my family . Over all we were excited to eat here an give it a 9 /10 . On a side note I wish I knew the whole me u I would have got sweet potatoes an a few other things that I'm sure would have been delicious
The cost to enter this conservation area is $7 per vehicle. It is a one-way loop that is to be driven very slowly. There are many cars on the road or parked on the side of the road, so keep your eyes open for moving objects.The scenery is quite beautiful. The red rocks and mountains are stunning. There are many places for climbing or hiking, from easy to more difficult trails. Turtlehead Peak was the reason for our visit, and it did not disappoint. It is a fairly strenuous 5 mile hike. Parking is located at Sandstone Quarry for Turtlehead, but there are many areas on the side of the road to park, if you wish to visit other areas.
Yes, I came to Noodles Ranch for a rushed lunch a few weeks back.  It was really good and I wished I had more time to spend here.I ordered the cashew chicken curry lunch special with a Thai iced coffee.  Everything wasgood, again I had to go to the counter and pay before they could even bring me the check, but I was impressed with this place and I'll gladly return!
This is one of the best Thai food restaurants I have ever been too. I ordered the green curry and it was the perfect amount of sweet and spicy. The waitress was extremely attentive and friendly. I would definitely come here again :)
Oh My... my tummy is going to explode from all the tasty meat... I can't take it any more. Tell my parents I love them. I died doing what I loved, eating amazing different types of BBQ meat with interesting sides like cinnamon BBQ pineapple. So good... Ok, I'm dead now. *croak*
I love the idea and execution of custom made pizzas.  The pizza was delicious and it was ready in less than 5 minutes.  I am a fan of this place and will be back.  The place is cool and happy.
Great place to have a tuna melt. It is very delicious and nutritious. The Texas chili hits the spot every time.
I appreciate the staff, clean facilities and responsiveness to maintenance requests. I have utlized the gym and access to wi fi in the office with no issues,
I went to City Smoke with a co-worker a few weeks ago and was pleasantly surprised with the service we received, the atmosphere and the bbq!I ordered one of their house salads with brisket, and although the brisket was not the best I've ever had, it was quite tasty and made for a delicious lunch. We had no problem getting a table and had a charming server who was funny, attentive, and got all of our menu modifications correct! I tried a taste of the mac-n-cheese from my co-worker's place and it was pretty phenomenal... I'll definitely order it the next time I'm there!I'd love to go back for happy hour sometime, the bar seemed really neat and they have an extensive bourbon selection, so I'll definitely be back! City Smoke has my vote as a solid, not too pricey, bbq restaurant in uptown! A great place for lunch!
I like it here. It has a nice diner vibe without being overly retro-fetishist.I have only been once so far. The service was super good and the eggs and potatoes were yummy. I liked the lightly grilled tomato slice.It was a very cheery place to spend a Sunday morning catching up with a friend. The music was a bit bouncy so if you need a mellower mood, be forewarned.They were making beautiful-looking, boozy breakfast drinks at the bar but I had errands and chores so stuck to coffee - an excellent americano. Next time :)
Best you can get on the danforth. I have been to this restaurant more times than I can remember and its very consistent. Tip:  drink retsina with Greek food.
I love going to Skate Land with my Son! They are great for birthday parties and they play great music!
Tried this place for the first time yesterday.  I was thoroughly impressed! The BBQ is delicious and the food to price ratio is a hungry persons dream.  The $37 platter for two (3 meats, 3 sides) was delicious and beyond filling.  Highlights were the brisket and cornbread.  Weakest link were the ribs.A lot of people say the music is too loud.  It is loud, but I found it to be on par with other bars.  I guess I wouldn't recommend this place as somewhere to go have a meaningful conversation.  Maybe it's restaurant loud, but it's not bar loud.The cocktail menu is also impressive and has some really unique (ie smoked) options.  Sure, they're a bit pricy ($10-$12), but they're 2oz and the relatively low price of the food offsets it.
The ambience and customer service was amazing.  The menu also boasted of traditional culinary fare.  However, we had the two most popular items: 1. A pork in spicy red sauce with tortillas and 2. A chicken burrito.  Both times were just okay.  The portion was good and the taste was decent, but I expected a little more considering the amazing decor.  A few more seasonings and/or marinade and it could be a winner! Thank you for the hospitality!
I came here on a Tuesday night and business was booming!  Yay!  I am absolutely in love with the neighborhood that holds this little gem.  It is especially nice all decorated for Christmas.  The restaurant is so cozy and warm.  I love the feeling when I walked in.  I felt right at home.  I was so happy with everything about the atmosphere.  Parking is a little tricky, as there is no lot, but only street parking. The place lived up to it's reviews.  I was happy with the service and the food was amazing.  The had drink specials, but I choose a glass of red wine to warm me up.  It was perfect!  The waitress was friendly and attentive.  I had the crab soup to start-yum!!!  I ordered the beef stroganoff for my main dish and it was an exceptional choice.   I opted for fettuccini noodles instead of rotini.  The waitress actually forgot and remembered right when she gave it to me (not a big deal), but she insisted on taking it back and fixing it.  She was so nice, she even brought me extra wine on the house for waiting. I really enjoyed this place and I can not wait to get back here and try more.
A soul-inspired restaurant with a soul-warming mission. Reserved a table for two to catch up with a friend for dinner. Service with a smile, menu is the right length to provide options and focused so that they deliver good quality. Bakery looked even better so would be interested in trying something from there for breakfast sometime. The tables were full when we were there on a Tuesday, and it can get a little loud when full (likely due to tile floors).
My friend was given a groupon as a birthday gift for the zombie shooting experience. We are both horror junkies so this was thrilling news to hear. I use the link provided by groupon which directed me to the website......... I found this website to be EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to navigate. Once to the website you're presented with different options with different prices however there are no descriptions to what comes with each price....... I.E. The groupon was for the shooting experience which correlates to the 36$ option there was however nothing there to explain this I only found this out after making a phone call and several trial and error attempts. Upon arriving you're set up with a group of people, about 10 or so. You patiently wait your turn until a drill sergeant hurls the door open demanding the next group of survivors. You go outside where the commanders teach you how to use the pump handle shotgun, give you a few practice shots, and let you take a group photo with a zombie. Soon after you're headed to the first zone. Your group of 10 is divided into 3 smaller groups each having to go one group at a time through each zone.......... Zone 1 was a nice practice round with only about 2 or 3 zombies in the zone.......... Zone 2 a much larger area with about 10 zombies coming after you ...... The zombies do run and get extremely close .......... Once I realized this I more so ran than focused on actual shooting ......... Zone 3 your entire group goes and splits down two different paths ........ I was part of the group that took the left path which had 2 zombies meanwhile the right path was loaded with them ........... After zone 3 you are done with your mission and enter inside to review the 3 photos you took with your zombie. The price is 35$ for all 3 photos. After purchasing the photos we remembered the groupon came with free t-shirts. I go and choose my shirt. My friend goes and chooses her she spins it around to look at the size and there sits a HUGE brown spider on the back. Not part of the gig. A live spider attached to her shirt. The man that sold us the photos came and shook the spider off outside. All in all a great experience. My tidbits would be to pop off as many shots as you can as the zones do not take much time to get through and to check the merchandise for spiders.
bartender was awesome. She took good care of me and the food was excellent. I am on a low carb diet and she ordered my meal just the way I wanted it without any issues. I would return here again.
I thought Cabo Fish Taco was excellent. It had a great atmosphere, the service was excellent- and above all the food was incredible. I got the fish tacos, which were very good. It came with huge chunks of fish, and all of the other ingredients were fresh and delicious. The corn salsa they put out for the table was great!  I had a couple of drinks. One was a specialty margarita, the other was a NoDa Jam session, which is some sort of local beer. Neither drink was very good, at least based on how the server described them. I would probably not drink here in the future, and leave that to one of the many local bars within walking distance. Definitely recommend if you want something a little different. We went with a large party and everyone seemed very satisfied. I will definitely be back!
The food here is simply ridiculous. Every bite left me giggling from joy. Maybe it was all the whiskey, or our lovely waitress Jessi but the fact of the matter is you are guaranteed a fantastic meal if you dine here. Highlights: Chefs Table, Gorgeous Patio, Delicious CocktailsCarpaccio, Burrata, Bone Marrow
Went in the other day because I bought my mom some concert tiks. This place is getting 4 stars because after the name change, a little TLC and some good marketing this place has great potential. They had a cool space ship futuristic looking bar area I liked. Also, Sarah at the box office was a total sweetheart. Next time I buy tickets it will definitely be from her.
I was introduced to Panera when I first moved to Missouri in 2001. It was a standard out there for office party treats or a mall lunch. When I moved back West, it was nice to see it again.When my daughter went to high school, I used to call in and have her Friday lunch treat ready for me to pick up. It was nice that they had lunch items ready to pick up before 11:00 AM. If we have houseguests, I usually pick up an assortment of bagels and pastries then replate them, which always goes well and you don't have to cook in the morning;).The pastries and bagels are good, especially the scones and is well complimented with a plain cup of coffee. One household and office fave were the French toast bagels, as they were the first to go. I'm not too fond of their specialty coffees that are sweet. In my opinion, they are a bit too sweet. The location is off of Eastern and there is ample parking. You can always call in your order if you are doing take away. It's very convenient.ALSO, take advantage of their Panera card. You do get free items like a pastry or bagel. With the card, you also get a free birthday pasty which I took advantage of today.
I love, love, love the Picado salad at Crazy Jim's, but today I ordered one for takeout and will never do so again. When they handed me my order, I jokingly asked why it was so small. She just laughed. Now, when you dine in, the salad is large and you have enough leftovers for a snack later. And at $10 it's worth it. The flavors are amazing. The take out portion is half the size. Not worth $10. I always add some feta to my salad when I dine in...and I don't mind--so much--paying an extra $2. But today, adding feta to my to-go salad cost me nearly $4 and it was sparse. Oh Crazy Jim's, I'll be back. I just won't ever call anything in.
I come here when I'm in the mood for some fast food that is seemingly pretty healthy. I usually order the same thing... The chicken bowl. I get it with brown rice. Usually brown rice can be in general grainier than white rice. However, I never really notice that at chipotle which is a plus. The chicken can be a bit charred or dry sometimes but it's normally not a problem. I also get the fajita veggies. However, the veggies can be a hit or miss for me. I normally like my veggies more the in the sautéed side but sometimes they can be more crunchy and raw for my taste. I love their corn salsa so I tell the person to like that stuff on my bowl. I do notice that this location does tend to give me a little smaller portion than at other locations.
This is my favourite store, was very easy to find a nice case for my phone. There wasn't anyone to help me, but the cashier lady was very nice and gave me directions to Starbucks.
One of the best restaurants in town. We came here for our anniversary & every member of management came to our table to express the congrats. Beautiful atmosphere. Great wine & beer list. Food: very good. We had the calamari appetizer which was pretty good. My husband had a salad which was so big that he shared it with me (fresh spring lettuce with Gorgonzola). He had the blackened Ribeye and loved it (and is super picky). I had the sashimi tuna. It was ok; had better in other places. We had the chocolate mousse cake (really good!) & the creme brûlée (was good, not great). Valet parking was the way to go! We will return! Awesome place. Top brass in pleasing their customers!
This is a great little breakfast/lunch spot off the beaten path.  Gets a little busy if you're there on a Saturday or Sunday morning, so plan accordingly.  They have a good selection of items and the service is always friendly.  Definitely give it a try if you're looking for a good, hearty breakfast.
My daughter and I had a couple of the beef and lamb gyros.  They were wonderful.  The meat was tender and juicy,  the bread was soft and pliable.  The only thing that I could find wrong was the tazeki sauce could have used some more spices, it was kind of blah.  We would go back.  Service was great too.
The food here is amazing and the service is very friendly.  A bit tucked away in a strip mall,  but well worth seeking it out.
Ok, so other than the skull art all over the place, which kinda freaks me out, this place is amazing!  It's a bit small inside and not ideal for eating in, just a few barstools, which is OK, I'll takeout and eat my yummies at home.  This little joint in Port Credit is worth a little trek out of your way.Three tacos for $10?  Yes please!  Fish, chorizo and babacoa for me.  Great guacamole too, and churros for dessert to finish things off.  Yummy!!!
Not sure where all the negativity comes from about this place!My kids and I were forced out of our Condo due to a flood and were put up here for a few nights:- Booked last minute and got a great price on the room!- Upon arrival the clerk was extremely courteous. The lobby was clean, the parking lot is monitored with security cameras and plenty of lights.- Room was immaculate and well stocked. Tons of storage space. Safe in the room. Iron and ironing board in the room. Fridge, microwave, coffee maker and coffee as well.- Breakfast was actually much better than I expected: scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, toast and English muffins, tons of pastries and a waffle maker, juices and coffees, milk.Free WiFi, computer provided 24 hours in the lobby, snack bar in the lobby (overpriced but that's to be expected). Pool area with hot tub - seemed clean- Easy access to the 101 and a bunch of places to eat. Down the street from the hospital (if needed).Not sure what else is expected for a place that's less that $80/night...I mean come'on peeps!
According to a friend of mines whom is from the motherland - China.  The food here is pretty authentic.  I will have to take her word for it and go from there.  She ordered us some basic Szechwan style dishes, which I think she took it I didn't want to go too exotic.  --- I do actually I do ---  However, there's always next time!  Pigs ear, beef tendon, duck whatever!  Please I don't mind :)  For what we ordered, I thought it was pretty good.  I tell you what though, won't ever come without my friend since she knows how to order.  I'd probably order like a gwy-lo ---  hehe.  Our server was on top of it, but I gather it's because we spoke the language -- Plus 1!  The ambience was pretty basic, but with a bunch of mandarin speaking people eating and chatting away - felt like China after all haha!  - Enjoy!
This Place is  Great. On the second day I bought my car I was in an accident.  My friend referred me to Thomas Auto  and in a couple of days I had my car back looking as if I driven off the lot...It looked brand new and drove just as good as I bought it...I recommend anyone to go to Thomas...You won't be disappointed ..
I love Mediterranean and visiting Phoenix I decided to check out this place since it was so well rated. I tried something different - the beef/wheat dish and I did not care for it at all unfortunately. The place did look authentic and I will be sure to try the shish kebab or kefta next time.
Great massage! Lili is my favorite! I love the atmosphere - very relaxing. Sometimes massages can be awkward or intimidating, but everyone is so kind and friendly at QCHS Reflexology! Thanks for the great service and unbeatable prices! I wouldn't be able to get the care I needed if it wasn't for you guys!
Good place for a Japanese buffet. Just some waitress get confuse and bring orders from different table but is not a huge problem cause when I was there was really packed. Anyways. Very tasteful and really good sashimi.
My favorite is the Cantaloupe Black tea with Aloe! It's the best! The whole crew are nice too! I come here almost everyday for a great fresh tea!! Please do NOT change the quality of your tea! Pls pls pls. I've been to a lot of Boba Tea places, and the freshness changes after a while. Sad!
Hey, remember when this place opened?  It was like a revelation-- no longer do you have to go to Capp's Comics & be stared at like you were a criminal just because you were a 13 year old kid buying TMNT sourcebooks & Robotech VHS tapes!  Anyhow, I've never been a comic collector, so I can't speak to that, but I bought many an RPG manual here, once upon a time.
Sushi ichiban is yet another excellent stop for hungry college kids. After tasting the delicious menu in ko fusion, I had pretty high standard but I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the 3 roll combo for 10.99, I got the salmon roll, spicy tuna and fancy roll. All three were superb. The fish tasted fresh and the taste was authentic, not to mention it was an incredible deal for that price. I didn't get the chance to try their non sushi dishes though. I'll definitely be back for more.
Can you believe this place used to be a ghetto Coffee Time donut shop? Well they cleaned this place up right nice and after months of passing by, I finally had the opportunity to stop in for a meal.When we arrived our reserved table wasn't ready so we started off with a cocktail at the bar. I tried the Diablo, which was a tequila based beverage with a red color and a pretty good flavour overall. We were shortly moved into our table, and we got to begin the fun of choosing what to eat and drink. We found a nice bottle of riesling for $50, and then started with orders of the house made baguette, prosciutto, warmed olives, and 60 day aged beef tartare with truffle sauce. This was my first time delving into the world of beef tartare, and to be honest I wasn't a fan until I wrapped a piece of prosciutto around it. The rest of the apps were good though, and an enjoyable start to our meal although not necessarily memorable.On to the mains... I went with the Braised Lamb Shank in Pork Belly Hash, which was just next level awesomeness. We're talking food orgasm territory (orgaslamb?). Perfectly cooked and the flavours just complimented itself so well, this is definitely one of the best plates I've eaten in years. My dining companion ordered the Campagnolo Cassoulet, which was composed of duck confit and a spicy garlic sausage on a bean medley type thing. I was able to sample a bit and the duck was also top notch, and while the sausage had a homemade and heavily seasoned vibe it wasn't as good but still decent.Only a couple options for dessert and neither spoke to us given how much food we had eaten already.The ambience was nice and the servers were friendly and knowledgable, but my date pointed out something which I didn't think too much of at first, but had some truth to it that I thought more about as the meal went on. The servers were all rather casually dressed. The kitchen staff, the bartender, and the hostess were all dressed well. The actual servers were wearing denim jeans and flannel or cowboy styled collared shirts. Perhaps it is to keep the approachable and down to earth feeling rather than pretentious and elitist, but there is definitely some merit to the thought that when dropping a couple hundred on dinner bill, perhaps the servers shouldn't be more under dressed than the customers.All in all, probably closer to 4.5 than 4 stars, and the Lamb Shank Pork Belly Hash was one of the best meals I've ever eaten, but it was not an overwhelming win throughout the whole experience, thus earning the 4. Still, easy to understand why En Route Magazine listed this place as one of Canada's Top 10 New Restaurants in 2011, and definitely an easy place to recommend.
I've had bad experiences at other Pizza Hut shops, but this one always gives me well made pizzas. Pizza is always fresh, never burnt, always done by the time I get there. There's always people in there so I'm assuming they feel the same way. Try the stuffed crust and crust toppers.
Being from Arizona and working in Southern California I grew up eating Jack in the Box.  Too bad Virginia doesn't have them!  Anyway, I already knew some cities in North Carolina have my favorite fast food restaurant!  So, I purposely planned my road trip route just to get my Jack in the Box fix!  Ordered a couple of Meat Lovers breakfast burrito's (with no egg, of course) and a good ol' Jumbo Jack with cheese.  Customer service was great and so was the food!  More details coming soon!
Dr Desanto is amazing! He's kind and patient. One of the best doctors ive ever had.
Love boba tea house cause they will redo your drink if you don't like it! Sometimes the service is really good and sometimes they look like they hate u. Overall their drinks are yummy I like their flavored teas. But their boba is flavorless so I usually get the jellies. I wish the place was bigger so there's more seating cuz it's usually busy. Also the snacks are good and the owner is super friendly!
We were in Henderson for 3 nights. Found the Rose Garden online. It is on a side street and not in a new, fancy area. BUT the food was absolutely wonderful! My husband ordered  Chicken Kon Po and I ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken. I was delighted when it arrived and had the goodies that restaurants use to serve: the yummy sauce, peppers, onions,carrots and pineapple!  And such a nice presentation on a tray. The restaurant is older but nice inside and the staff was very gracious. We live in N.C.  and will probably never get here again but that will be our loss.
I pass this place everyday  on my way home. I decided to send hubby for an almond croissant. It was delish! Delish  I tell you. Words cannot describe it. It had the right amount of everything. I think it was about 3$ for the croissant, in my opinion it was well worth it. I am unsure of everything they sell, but once I go for myself  ill do a review for sure!
Love this store.  Best in the area, newer and cleaner and doesn't have weird smells.  The deli section is great and although they say they don't have a new cake decorator they have stepped up their game!
Things started out a little slow. Fajitas came out with no tortilla shells. I had to track down the manager to have them brought to the table. Service was ok. I think our server was newly returned to the job and might have had a few too many tables to work. When it was all set and done, food was tasty and the manager did come over to apologize for the service. I would go back and give them another chance.
Man, I wish this place had a view of the Cuyahoga River...if it did, it would be perfect. I wish this place was at the other end of the Powerhouse, where an ever-revolving stream of restaurants find their home...and unfortunately, that's the side with the killer view. Everything else is top notch-the beer is mind-blowing and the food is hearty. It's worth coming here just for the beer, in my opinion! I gotta start taking a Growler home when I leave--they are very reasonably priced, all things considered. Other than the view, the only thing that stinks is the parking--if you don't wanna pay for the lot on weekends, you gotta hunt and peck for a spot on the street, which can be hard to find at times...but anyway, if you're looking to grab a bite to eat before the show at the Plain Dealer Pavilion or whatever it's called these days, you won't go wrong at the Rock Bottom.
Good atmosphere and really helpful employees. I am not an expert with Indian food, but I thought theirs was tasty. Especially for a counter service restaurant.
They checked out my vehicle right away on the Monday around noon I came in without an apppintment.  I was there for an inspection and to get prices for suggested work on my vehicle. They did the inspection (for the cost of half hour labor) and told me what work they recommended. I received a printout with the recommendations but without the estimates. The cashier wrote the estimates down after I asked for them.
Gave this spot a 4 thanks to the view otherwise a 3.... but for the STRIP PRICES are fair.. Great Munchie Food. Brats , Beer , Brisket!
Great place for the family, good prices.  Staff was pretty friendly.  Nice that you can order food and have it brought to you
A go-to spot for me whenever I'm feeling frugal and need a solid meal.I'd give it five stars but one star gets deducted because it does take a while to get seated and food takes quite a long time.Other than that, great atmosphere, good music (most of the time..), and food is quite the bang for your buck.
We came here for dinner and drinks.  It's definitely more of a bar than anything (the tables are super tiny, barely enough room for two baskets of chow).  The drinks were great, and the staff gets top marks.  They're located at the very end of Ceasers Row, you'll only find it if you're looking for it.
This is a GREAT place, this is my second time coming here. I will come back, but  I am a little confused about a treatment I received at the salon about a month ago.  I was told I got a GK treatment. and it would last for about 8 washes, after one wash, my hair was back to the same thick hard to manage hair. Several of my friends have had the GK treatment and when I told them what was done to my hair, they assured me I did not get a GK treatment not unless the process has changed. My hair was washed, a product applied to my hair  I was placed under heat lights for about 15 mins, my hair was blown dry and flat ironed. Did i get a deep conditioner and paid the price for a GK treatment????  I have watched several videos on the GK treatment and I am sure I did not get the GK treatment. Its a great place but this has me worried.....
great newyork style pizza, crust and dough is really good. lunch with the slice and salad and drink is so bomb for like 4 bucks, maybe the cheapest lunch in town and it good, not just something you eat cause its cheap, you will want to go back again! wings are good and so are the fried mushroom and zucchini sticks.
I enjoy staying at the Residence Inn brands because it means you get a suite in your room. It's so convenient to have a little kitchenette and living room area. Granted, I was in Vegas this time around and didn't get to take advantage of it since I was eating out, but at least the option was there. The best thing was that I got a great deal on Priceline for this room for New Year's Eve. Woo hoo! This place is a little off the strip, but it's not that much further. It's about a block down from the Westin Causarina. This hotel has free breakfast in the morning where they serve juice, coffee, milk , cereal, scrambled eggs, waffles, yogurt (both Activia and the packaged kind with granola on top), sausage patties, and assorted breads and muffins. You can get a filling meal here without having to go out to the buffets or local restaurants. There are several restaurants within walking distance too if you choose not to go far for lunch or dinner - McCormick and Schmick's, Bahama Breeze, Gordon Biersh,  Hamada, and Morton's across the street. They also offer free parking and free wifi, which is a always a plus in my book. Being that it is a Residence Inn, the in-room amenities also include free coffee, tea, and popcorn. Next time I'm in the area, I definitely would not mind staying here again.
Love how the angles of the rooms help make use of the square footage and adds a spacious feeling. The neutral wall color adds warmth and a coziness.  The large patio is nice for sitting and relaxing and talking to neighbors. The 2-bedroom master comes with two closets providing plenty of storage space. Additional ceiling fans in the bedrooms would help increase comfort during the summer months. And advanced notification of water issues would be appreciated. Plenty of pet friendly grassy areas for your pet to play in. Stricter pick up after your pet enforcement would help keep the grounds nicer to look at and walk around on. The office staff is very nice and supportive.
Finally went here with hubby and it did not disappoint. Split the Mash tsoynami and the pecan gluten free doughnut with him. Both delish!! Another thing I love is how it is next door to The Green restaurant. Walked right over and had a lunch. Wrote a review for them too!!
They do an amazing grooming job on my bichon/poodle mix dog, and in a timely manner. They don't accept credit cards and only accept cash, which is understandable for being a small business. They aren't as friendly as I would like and customer service isn't out of this world (it's not bad, just not great), but I think it's just because they may be understaffed and overworked. The grooming they do on my Zoe makes up for it!
I first tried Everyday Noodles when they first opened and felt they were just blandly "Every day", but having gone back recently, they have mastered their craft!  Expertly prepared noodles, and the best soup dumplings I've had since Hong Kong.  Expect friendly service, an attractively remodeled modern asian atmosphere, and light, home made, flavorful, authentic, freshly prepared food.  Given all that, why isn't it a 5 that I want to go to "Every day"?  It has fairly limited menu options, and a few of the dishes are a bit timid.  Still all in all, a worthy contender against Squirrel Hill's many excellent asian eateries.  I can't get enough of their soups, noodles, and soup dumplings and I look forward to returning back again in the near future!
3 stars for food, 5 Stars for service and value. Ordered the Szechuan Chicken entree. Good portion size for a single diner, but very bland and not spicy at all -- which is unfortunate because that's why I ordered it. Egg roll also very underwhelming filling-wise. Also the food was lukewarm. Was a takeout order, ready when I arrived. Dropped my chopsticks walking to the door and the staff woman ran me another pair. She also made sure I was carrying the bag so it was upright.Good service, underwhelming food.
We never felt pressure to purchase. They knew that they had a good product and they guided us through the process. Virtually no haggling-an honest price and opinion on all their products and services. It made the experience almost pleasant (sometimes making decisions can be a chore). I can't wait to see how after-purchase stacks up!
Love it, my favorite Chinese food place. Real good wonton soup. We don't live in the area of delivery no more so we will drive the 20 min sometimes for it..good pricing and also 10% if paying cash
Very nicely decorated coffee/tea place in the Yonge and Finch area. We tried the Most espresso, the Green tea mix and a smoothie which were all good.
I've attended a few weddings here before and it's a great place and very convenient if you live around the area.   The food here is amazing.  The dim sum is delicious.   I come here normally on sundays for dim sum and it's got it all.   The hall is spacious horizontally but has regular heigh ceilings.   Which is different compared to most other halls with tall ceilings, but that doesn't really matter.  I come here for dim sum any day!
Great place. Although judging a book by its cover we almost turned around. We enjoyed the barbelo wings as an appetizer. As well as the free hush puppies.
Had a craving for noodles and Sidestreet Pho and Grill being right around the corner was a no brainer. Had the Combo Pho and it really hit the spot. Service was friendly and prompt. Highly recommended.
Staff seems very friendly and of course the food is great. Kinda small dining area compared to others I've been to before but very nice!
This place is outstanding!  I usually don't write reviews for chain restaurants and franchises, but this place was so good that I think people in Las Vegas should know about it.  At first, I thought this place would be like a Panera.  It serves the same types of food as Panera, but the quality is significantly superior.  I've been here twice, and each time I got the Pick 2 option for $7.99.  This includes a full-size sandwich and a salad or soup.  I ordered the Vegetarian sandwich both times, and I had the vegetable soup on one occasion and the MangoBerry salad on the other.  All of these items were excellent.  the MangoBerry salad was the best salad I've had in a long time.  It's actually a very healthy salad, but I felt like I was eating candy.  The soup was also really good.  They also have a very extensive soda selection, and additional flavors of syrup that you can squirt into your soda to give it unique tastes.  The complementary chocolate covered strawberry is also a very nice touch.  There's a very modern, clean feel to this restaurant.  They have a "recharge station" where you can plug in your laptop or cell phone.  It seems like the type of place where they wouldn't mind if you want to come and work on your laptop for a while.  The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because their employees are a little overly-friendly.  From the second you walk in to the place, there's a person holding the door open for you, and all too eager to tell you about what's on the menu and how to order.  Whoever owns this place would do well to tell the employees to back off just a little and give customers a chance to look up at their menu on their own and take it all in.This is definitely a great place with nice atmosphere and good food at great prices.  I'll come here again.
Great service and course was is in good shape.  I was very pleased with the level of service from Proshop to grounds crew to food and beverage. Tees and fairways were in fantastic shape, greens are good shape for this time of year ( ran a little slow maybe 8-9...would like to see closer to 10. Course would be good for kids....accomplished junior players only)
Went here last night with a group of five. It was a wonderful evening. We were hopeful to sit out in the patio area but when we realized it was 90 degrees outside and patio was not really cooled down we opted for the inside area. We were actually seated downstairs (which I didn't know they have) and it was wonderful. The Food. I had the gnocchi, with was absolutely delicious. Not too heavy and balanced out nicely with the fennel, asparagus and lobster. Someone else at our table had the pork chop and was very pleased. We all opted for dessert as well. My creme brûlée was wonderful and I appreciated the addition of some fresh strawberries, (instead of the usual raspberries) since they are in season. Everyone was very pleased with their meals. My only side comment is the kitchen/bar seemed to be a bit slow. Our waitress was wonderful and on top of things. Filled up our water glasses as much as she could while we waited. We did have to inquire about our drinks because it just seemed to be taking a while and we didn't order any special cocktails. However, once we did get our drinks things were moving but just at a little bit overall slower pace. However, I actually appreciated that. We all settled in to enjoy our great wine, food and dessert. It was a great evening relaxing and enjoying sharing each other's company around the table.
This place was priced very well.  I would rate the massage average, as the pressure was not deep pressure as requested, but it was very relaxing and I felt good afterwards.  Therapists were very friendly and the ambience was great.  They used some great aromatherapy techniques.
Totally an unsuspecting place.  You see a place next to a gas station and you don't assume good food but Sam's is actually pretty damn good.  Decent price for a gyro combo that includes pretty good fries and a soda.  Can't hate that.  The gyros are huge and full of all sorts of goodness.  Still not the best gyro ever...but pretty good for "gas station food."
There's really not much else to say other than that I get good service here and that it looks like a speakeasy or no-name bar from the outside. Look for the little brick building with an American flag.You'd never know it was a post office.That's my public service announcement for the day.
Unusual, I'll give it that. this is not what one is used to when it comes to traditional Mexican (street)food...however....its not bad at all and then some!They had all kind of fanangled stuff I'm not used to so I stuck to the basics: Carne asada burrito, oh...I ordered a large, what a mistake, that is not a large, its HUGE, no human can possibly finish that monstrosity, its over a foot long and over 3 inches in diameter. pure evil.Bottom line, I'll love to come back and try some of the other offerings. good stuff here.
I've eaten at two HH A Go Go. Always a good experience.  Today at the Henderson, Nv location.... no different. Great comfort food in large amounts.  Meagan, our Server, did everything right.  Great experience for the dollar.  I recommend Hash House A Go Go to everyone with a good appetite.
A great place for classic coffee and great italian food. Simple and very tasty. A Montreal landmark for one of the best café's around.  It also has non dairy options for vegetarians and vegans and if you are a little creative you can get meal options to satisfy the same
This place is kind of a hidden gem at The Venetian. I would never have thought to give this place a try had it not been for the thick "Yellow Pages" type book in the hotel room (where it was listed) and for Yelp. My friend and I came here around 5:30 on a Saturday and were, luckily, seated right away (I don't believe they take reservations). It is a small restaurant, but quaint. I love that the waiters spoke Italian; it made it more authentic to me. Also, our waiter was funny and really nice.As for the food, it's yummy. The portions are big and you won't hurt your wallet eating here. Thank you to whoever suggested the meatballs. I think they are, by far, the best I've ever had. They were full of flavor and super moist. The garlic rolls were delicious as well. I was torn between the Penne in Vodka Sauce and Linguine Carbonara and the waiter suggested the latter. I am definitely glad he steered me that way because it was really good. If I had more room in my stomach I would've devoured the last three or four bites. My friend had the pepperoni pizza (I can't remember what it was listed under on the menu) and that was good as well (super big portions, it's like ordering a medium from Pizza Hut). The tiramisu was a perfect ending to the meal. I'd love to come here again and try their other dishes.
Impressive cafe / bakery we visited on our last day in Montreal. New location is much nicer less cramped than previous. Almond croissant and baguettes are fresh and well prepared.  Due to the location there is a steady stream of customers but we were able to find seating. Definitely would return.
Authentic, tasty & expertly prepared food, this pretty much sums up our meal at Haji Baba. We decided to have lunch here after reading the glowing reviews for this place on yelp. At first glance, it looked like any other store in a strip mall but inside, it is divided into a store front & a restaurant. The space is clean & the service is excellent/attentive. our lunch consisted of a vegetarian combo plate(falafel x2, baba ganouj, tabbouleh, grape leaves x2) shish kabob plate(lamb kabob x5 pieces,rice, lettuce salad with tahini,1 Arabic bread) side of labni( kind of cream cheese), ful mudammas (mix of beans in a flavored curry sauce)- yes we were really hungry :)In the veggie combo- The falafel was crispy, freshly made & grape leaves were unlike any I have eaten. The ful mudammas was tasty, well prepared/flavored without being spicy. In case of the shish kabob plate- the lamb was well cooked (I asked for medium done meat & that's what I was served) but it was bland. The portions are huge but prices are reasonable . Don't miss picking up some yummy middle eastern desserts from the store, to finish up your meal.  We left Haji Baba, stuffed/content & with lotsa doggie bags!
Had a great dinner here with my family! The pozole was excellent! The service was great - very attentive and welcoming. Thank you Esteban! Definitely plan on coming back!
Surprised to see the negative reviews. This is one of my favorite Vegas places. Great food and I've never had service issues there and I've eaten there maybe a dozen times. If you're skeptical, take a chance and go. I've never had a bad experience.I especially recommend the mini wontons in hot chili oil appetizer and the eggplant in szechuan garlic sauce entree. Service is accurate and prompt.A reservation is not a bad idea for a large party, but my wife and I walked in at 645 on a Saturday night and got a table right away.
Overall I have to give Hakkasan a four star. The service was amazing. The hostess, waitress and bartender were all super friendly and helpful. Also how can you top a hot towel after dinner?However, the food I have to give about a 3.5/5. It was good but not great. For the price I guess I was expecting something excellent and mind blowing. My boyfriend and I shared the scallops, ribeye and Hakka noodles. The portion sizes were large and my favorite part was the scallops but once again nothing super special. One more reason why I gave this review a 4, the atmosphere. I loved the set up of this place and it's mysterious yet sophisticated feel. Great ambitious for a birthday or anniversary just to make the night feel extra special.
These guys do such a great job with event security, cleanup, and organization.  Every year I attend the Waste Management Open, they make our experience in the Bird's Nest VIP and corporate cabanas top notch.Their staff is well trained and understands the flow of a large event.  They not only handle the WMO, but several larger events in the Valley.  Each time, my experience with them is great.  Kudos to their events team!Return Factor - 90%
Great place to hang out with your friends. Although I was going to take another star off for the hefty price tag (around $45/p), the friendly staff made up for it. When you enter, you will be required to fill a waiver on an ipad. Then you will be guided to a laneway with a staff member who goes over the rules with your group. Everyone then gets a few tries at throwing the axe. Bullseye is 5pts, inside the red is 3pts and blue is 1pt...etc. When the instructional time is over, your group will get to play against each other in a round robin game. Basically, the players with the highest points goes into finals.Axe throwing may sound intimidating, but it gets much easier as you go. The staff is great in helping each person along the way. I also like how they let you bring outside food and beer. Our group was able to order pizza delivery while we were playing. Overall, you should try this if you have not tried this latest trend in summer activities! :D
Was craving sushi after my dentist office and found this. It's a small menu of sushi so pls check it out before you drive/call in. It's not s typical sushi place. The decor inside was outdated but it didn't stop the food from tasting pretty good. Not the best I've had but pretty good! They have the basic rolls that made me happy. I got a salmon roll and rainbow roll for $16.
last night a friend and i stopped by tapino because of all the great reviews here and we were very pleased at the choice.  We barely made it to happy hour in the vino lounge, but the server was very friendly and even gave us a last call 5 minutes before 7PM so we could order a second round.  for $45 we shared 4 glasses of wine and 5 tapas, which ended up being the perfect sized meal for two girls who'd just eaten about a pound of chocolate. (see seven sisters review!) the yucca frites with argentinian chimmi churri were a highlight for us. much denser than potato fries, they had a creamier texture and the chimmi churri was delicious.  we also tried 3 different cheeses all of which were excellent, and the eggplant cannelloni which was good but nothing to write home about. the wine lounge is an outdoor deck draped with white curtains and white couches and ottomans, it is very chic but unpretentious and we had a great time! there wasn't a crowd of people outside, which was nice, but of course it was only a wednesday evening.  we hung out until 9ish then walked around the strip mall before heading out. calm atmosphere, friendly staff throughout, comfortable seating and yummy food. the wine wasn't bad either.  delightful!
I was here to support my husband while he had an MRI done.  BTW this place is open late and very nice.  There is no shady MRI's done here (trying to be funny).  Staff was really nice except for the guy doing the MRI, husband said he came off rude and like he didn't want to be there.  All in all we both pleased with the place.
Love it!The two taco plates with refried beans and chips are amazing. I've tried fish tacos, shrimp tacos, beef tacos and they are all good! My only complaint is regarding the shrimp and lobster burrito - it gave me stomach ache. Could have been a bad coincidence but I won't order this again :(
Oh how I love Paradise Bakery...it is one of my favorite staples in the Valley of the Sun!  I stopped into this location last Sunday for a quick breakfast - OJ and an everything bagel.  The bagel was so fresh and tasty.  The staff was great and the outdoor space is great to enjoy a nice, desert morning!
Great staff and providers. They do take a while to respond to phone sometimes. Also, they can get really busy sometimes so same day appointments may not happen but that's not uncommon. Once you have an appointment usually the wait is not that long.
I go to the Fairmount fairly often, but only out of convenience.  It is within walking distance of my apartment so if my roommate and I want to grab a quick  drink this is where we tend to go.  However, I am moving to Lakewood in a few weeks and I wouldn't say it is worth the drive. They have a pretty good Martini, Wine, and Beer list, better than most places located on the east side.  However, they can be pretty expensive, so I usually limit myself to two dirty vodka martinis which is already over $20.   The food is okay,  I wouldn't recommend going here for dinner, but a light appetizer for happy hour instead.   They do have a happy hour with martinis around $6 which is definitely worth it.The patio is nice when it gets warmer out and there tends to be a lot of people out there.  However, the one night only the patio was open (they didn't have anyone working inside), so if you are not a fan of outdoor drinking/eating, you may want to reconsider going here if that is the case.  The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about every drink they have on their menu.  They make decent recommendations with the wine, sometimes I have been a little disappointed.
I am giving 4 stars, because the food is not so great, but the service is. I have been there 3 times and each time was treated like royalty.  Now if only the quality of the food was better, I would give 5 stars.
Not all restaurant reboots are successful but Avenue Bar seems to be one of the fortunate few. As someone who loved the old school wood paneling, original furniture and supper club fare, it was a bit of a shock to step foot into the bright, mid century modern designed space with cool earth tones and new cream colored leather booths. The menu has undergone a considerable makeover (e.g. oysters and carpaccio) and we happened to dine during their Sunday Chicken and Champagne (mind blown), which is case in point that this is not your dad's Avenue Bar. Also the staff has been overhauled with the median age 25--they're all friendly and attentive, seemingly at home here or in an Eddie Bauer catalog. Cheese curds were ordered -- they're definitely bigger and seasoned differently than the old recipe but it's a flavorful upgrade that was approved by the table. Brandy old fashions were still well made with a strong pour and classic garnishes. The chefs kindly accommodated our request and made deep fried walleye (typically reserved only for Friday), which came with fries (average) and cole slaw (above average with a nice vinegar and sweet balance). The 4-piece fried chicken was light and crispy, the oil was definitely fresh. The side of green beans were also a bright spot, wellblanched and lightly oiled and salted, which complemented everyone's entree. Well done Food Fight, well done.
The pizza here is pretty standard, nothing special but decent. I am a huge fan of the hot cookies though. That is what this review is for. I don't usually come to Oregano's unless I know I am getting a hot cookie for dessert. My favorite is the chocolate chip which comes with 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on top. Best to share with a friend is it is rather large.
Went here last week and we ordered grilled salmon with salad and seafood pasta. Both were delicious. We ordered dessert with peaches on it and it was soooo good. But the servings were small although its affordable. Some places would have the same price but bigger portions or servings.
The food is simple but good. I had a bacon, egg cheddar bagel. If you are looking for a place with a bit of diner flair, you should check this out.
Love love love the ambiance of this place. My date and I were seated in the "outdoor" terrace area which is really a faux outdoor next to faux greenery but it was beautiful and much more private. When we first arrived in our cozy area there was only one other couple on the terrance. Our area was so quiet, it really made you put your phone away and just be "in the moment" with someone. I think the tables and lighting are placed appropriately where you feel like you're in our own little bubble away from everyone else.I don't remember any exact plates that I liked. We had the 16 course meal and the food became a blur of goodness. Everything was executed well. Service was superb, everyone was extremely friendly and each plate came out not too long after we finished the previous plate. I do remember the amazing giant blob of butter in a giant bell jar! Imported from Great Britain the server said. I wanted the bread cart to come around just so I could see the butter being shaved. When the dessert cart came around I had to try one of each! Overall, it was a very fun and romantic experience. I'll probably skip the 16 course next time and order a la carte though.
Best Lemonade ever!! No line after 5 on a Wednesday evening.. Amazing Fast service, very cute & quiet spot
Definitely worth every bite... Yes I'm one of those annoying reviewers that has frequented House of Prime rib so it's hard not to compare.  I like that Lawrys actually offers other options like steaks and lobster.  The salad is great, the bread basket with whipped butter is too.  We started with a shrimp cocktail, large meaty prawns in a nice spicy cocktail sauce.  We both went with prime rib too, I really enjoyed the thin cut, juicy and flavorful.  The creamed corn was much better than the creamed spinach ( HOPR is better).  Portions are huge, we could not finish.  We also tried the sticky toffee pudding but that was lackluster, not sticky or much toffee flavor.  This restaurant has many unique qualities, the waitress outfits for one and the old school decor.  If in the mood for a yummy piece of meat give this place a whirl you won't be disappointed.  Free valet parking too.
I just recently moved out of this apartment complex and I have to say that it was one of the best places I have ever lived at. I was here for the past 5 and half years since 2010 when it was formerly managed by Equity Residential until 2013. Now currently managed by Holland Residential, leasing-property managers Audrey and Peter, in addition to the great maintenance staff have been awesome. All my service requests were rapidly responded to, pool and amenities such as the Gym and neighborhood are nice. You can't go wrong with the magic zip code area of 85254. Conveniently located near shopping centers Desert Ridge Marketplace, Kierland Commons, City North, and Scottsdale Quarter. If you are looking for an affordable place to live in North Scottsdale, Bellagio is the place to be. The only issue I had was a neighbor of mine who made all sorts of weird noises at night but every other neighbor have been friendly and kind. Overall, its been a great experience, fantastic community.
So while my in-laws were in line to order plain hot dogs because they weren't willing to even try the combinations this particular food truck was offering, much less see which other trucks were at the festival, I wandered off and settled on Jamburritos.  I returned to the band of boring and enjoyed my catfish plate.  My perfectly seasoned catfish was served with a spicy jambalaya rice and crispy hush puppies.  I ate every last bite far beyond the point of being full just so everyone could see what they missed.  "Is that catfish?"  "Yep (with full mouth)."  "Is it good?"  "(Swallow) Yes."  "Where did you get it?"  "(Takes another bite) At a truck that was not at the entrance so you didn't see it."Thanks Jamburritos.
Is it just me but does anybody else dislike when the cashier calls you Honey sweetie? I always felt it was unprofessional. Would should have called me honey if I was with my wife. H.no. She would have got us both beat-up LOL.Any way the food was good. 4 stars for the food 1 star for the service. Thursday morning cashier
Good food, great drinks and fun show. The sushi can get pricey fast, but it was a nice change from other strip restaurants. The drinks were fantastic; of course they had the sake but the other drinks were quite yummy too. The show that goes along with your dinner was hilarious, certainly a good time. The servers were all very attentive as well
My friend raved about how wonderful this place is, so i went to check it out.  It's a little restaurant tucked away in the corner of a plaza.  Well, it really is a hole in the wall kinda restaurant.  We sat down and the waitress gave us menus that were so well used that the corners were curling up lol.I ordered the sashimi bento box.  It's called the sushi bento on the menu but the picture clearly showed salmon sashimi.   The food arrived fast.  Miso soup and congee, along with some side dishes of tofu, fried fish, and peas.  That's followed by the bento box.  The box consisted of a big maki roll, a shrimp tempura, and slices of salmon sashimi sitting on top of rice.  The salmon slices were delicious and fresh.  They melted in my mouth.  Love love love.  All that food for less than $10 in total.  More love lol.
Pho KC Vietnamese Restaurant recently opened. The restaurant is casual but also is new and modern. They offer most of your usual Vietnamese Favorites. We wanted to start out with the Potstickers but I hit them when they were all sold out of them so we just went to the entrees.I had the Stir Fried Lemongrass Chicken with Mixed Vegetables Rice Plate. The Chicken seemed like good quality chicken because the white meat was moist and tender and just melted in my mouth. The Asian flavored sauce was delicious and laced with lemongrass as promised. My plate came with a generous amount of fresh steamed rice and tender crisp vegetables such as baby bok choy, broccoli and carrots. It was a delicious plate there is no reason why anyone wouldn't like it. Some people might point out that fish sauce sauce should be served with this plate.  Other sauces are available on the table.My husband loves Oxtail so he ordered the Oxtail Pho. He said the clear broth was delicious. He thought it was really good and was spicy. As delicious as the broth was the dish wasn't perfect and not all of the three pieces of Oxtail were edible. He could only chew the meat off of the small piece the two bigger pieces weren't ready yet. But this is a newly opened restaurant and they are still finding their way.The woman who took care of us was very attentive and eager to make sure we were pleased.3.5 (because of some undercooked Oxtail but bumped up to 4 stars because they are new)Worth a Try!
One of the best pizza places in Old Montreal. This place is packed during the weekend, so don't forget to make reservations in advance. The ambiance here is trendy. A fancy cast iron chandelier hangin, 80's music playing in the background, what's not to like about this place.  We ordered the Arancino, Antipasti, Meatballs and pizza's. The Arancino's are delish. Deep fried risotto balls crispy on the top and soft inside, topped with meat sauce.   Antipasti was ok. Meatballs were delicious too. Now for the pizza's........Not one of  the best pizza's I've had, but they were good. We tried the Bosco in Bianco, Capriciosa & Cotto E Bocconcini.  The crust is flavorful. Woodfire makes these pizza's delicious, Though I prefer the crust to be a bit extra burnt.  The Capriciosa was interesting as I'd never had a boiled egg on the pizza. It actually tastes really good. Also ask for the spicy oil. That adds a lot of flavor to it.Definitely worth a visit ...... Again & again...... At least for the Arancino's  Food -  GoodService - FriendlyAmbiance - TrendyWorth the money - Aw yissss
we had a large party and the staff was excellent.  they have a prix fix which I would recommend.  Portions are quite large and the deserts are excellent.  I had salmon but if I were to order it again I would ask for it simply grilled as the sauce was a little over-powering.  It is a very beautiful place and elegant in a casual way.
Service was good, my drinks never left empty and our table got checked on often. The only thing I like out of 5 items I ordered was the hainanese chicken rice and the pig ear. Chicken wings was decent. The chicken noodle broth is a little bland to me. The mushroom dish off the app is too salty. Squeezed some lemon juice helps. Overall I'm happy with the meal. Definitely recommended their famous chicken rice.
I'm super picky about my eyebrows and barely let anyone touch them. But I'm on a trip and my eyebrows needed desperate attention, so used trusty yelp to help me find a place that would be safe to go to. I also just needed a basic clean up, so I can't vouch for if they're good to go to if you need some shaping done/have waited an extra week or so between getting threading done. But I walked away without feeling like my eyebrows were butchered and they only charge $8, so I'm a happy camper.
I really like to hate on this place. It's so easy (cue Staples Easy Button) - it's douchebag central. Ladies, if you want to find a roided out meathead, bro-tank wearing, Scottsdale doucher fist pumping the night away, you've come to the right place. Fellas, if you're looking for two-bit skank with hooha's hanging out of her child-sized wifebeater, you're in for a treat. So why the 4 stars? Because, when you're blacked out, this place is fun. Not gonna lie. It's the type of place you go to when you're already 5 shots deep and you're just lookin for trouble. I, personally, am a fan of house music so I love the loud, in-your-face music blaring overhead. Some people can't stand house, so preeettttyyyy sure this ain't the spot for them. Those of you looking for a mellow spot to sip on a marg should probs walk over to Cien Agave and relax there. But those of you looking to make some bad life decisions and who might want to make out with strangers should def head to good ol' Hefe. If it's not absurdly busy with people stomping on your feet with their 8 inch hooker wedges, def get a bulldog margarita. It's delish and can def help kick start your buzz. Proceed with caution friends.
I've been meaning to check this place out for a while. We stopped in the other night for some guacamole. The atmosphere was awesome, fun music and enthusiastic staff!! Instead of chips the guac comes with fried plantains. I loved the plantains and would rather eat them plain! After leaving we knew we had to come back to try actual meals. Fast forward to the next day (seriously, we were that excited to go back). The same awesome employees greeted us. We tried the split chicken meal with rice and beans ( it reminded me of the Latin food I used to live off of in NYC) and the grilled chicken salad wrap. The wrap envied the size of a chipotle burrito! We also tried a beef empanada and it was a standout. All that for under $20 with servings that are guaranteed to turn into leftovers. Eat in their bright dining area or take your food to the nearby park. This is the kind of local joint I have no problem giving my $$ to!
Slightly overpriced, but the "Skinny Jeans" juice is delicious.  The inside could be a little more inviting & it is a little dark, but is basically just a grab and go place.
heard of this place through my boss. we decided to try it and we loved it. sushi/sashimi is always fresh. great service.
We were actually headed to the new Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grille but they were closed for training so we decided on Mesa Grille. This is our third time to Mesa Grille, and we love that they change up the menu from time to time. We also love the bread basket, specifically the blue corn muffins! Today, I decided to try Sophie's Chopped Salad .. it was okay .. not bad, not great .. just okay. Nothing I would order again though. Mom had the Blue Corn Pancake with BBQ duck .. which she enjoyed and said was tasty. She still likes the Tiger Shrimp Tamales the best though. I opted to try the Smoked Shrimp Tacos which were delicious. Just the right amount of smokiness and just the right size for lunch. (Six nice-sized and perfectly seasoned shrimp and two tortillas.) I would have to say I will have a tough time deciding between this dish and the signature Shrimp Tamales the next time we come. For dessert we decided to share the Sticky Toffee Pudding .. which is one of my all time favorite desserts. Unfortunately this one fell way short. It smelled right, and looked right, but the taste was not right. The pudding part was kind of dry and tasteless and the sauce was overly sweet. A disappointing end to an otherwise great lunch.
One of the better ramen places that isn't downtown Toronto. The place isn't very big but it's quiet and the service is good. The ramen is rather good, and pretty much one of the few places that has a curry ramen. Some of the appetizer/snacks are a little overpriced for the amount you get  but the ramen is on the more inexpensive spectrum for ramen which is good. This is the second time I've been here and would probably go again.
It's not the best pizza ever, not the best in the Strip. For the best pizza I would probably go to Grimaldi's at the venetian. But this is good, quality pizza. tasteful and quite convenient if you are at the Aria. For a quick bite, it gets the job done. You won't be disappointed, especially if you are already inside the Aria. the slices are large and you can get your pizza and pay in about two minutes.
Great store , their jeans selection is just crazy. You probably find the perfect fit there. Shirt and t shirt are ok , some crazy colors if you are into that.Staff are great, their recommendations are more hits than miss. Location is hard to miss.
Went here for a date night - had heard of this place but didn't know where it was located and was pleasantly surprised to find it in the Southside off the beaten path. I'm not much an italian-food lover but this place has changed my mind. I ordered the duck - and it was absolutely amazing! Our waiter was fantastic - helped guide us to some of his favorites while explaining some wine pairings. The ambiance was warm, inviting, and still intimate. I will definitely be back here.
Good service, and $5 for a large NY style slice of pizza and beer is a pretty damn good deal.  Note: that happy hour deal is only for 2 or 3 of the beers on draft.
Great place to buy babaganoush. The portion size and price is right. I didn't enjoy the chicken shwarma, but I keep returning for the babaganoush. Just remember to order the hand made pita instead of the pita it usually comes with. It's a few cents extra, but worth it.
Their pita bread is awesome! Freshly made and delicious! Gyros are good and Greek salad is on point.
Some friends recommended Mesa Grill and it did not disappoint! I had the filet and it was the best steak I have ever had! It was so tender it was like butter. My wife had chicken and it was also amazing! The only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 was the dessert. I had the the banana cream pie and it was okay, not great. Wife had the coconut cake and she said the same thing about hers. They also had tables really close to each other which didn't feel very private. I felt like the people on each side of us were listening to our conversation.
The pho was pretty decent and it came out in less than 5 minutes. The broth was hot enough as well. Slightly more pricey than I'm used to compared to my usual spots in downtown toronto.
Very impressed! We did take-out for our first time. I couldn't find a menu online so I called and the person who answered the phone could not have been more kind and personable if she had tried and let me know that the menu is in photos in their Facebook page and sure enough it was there. We ordered the corned beef sandwich, the loaded cheese sandwich, and the BLT and the loaded baked potato soup. All come with fries and I asked if I could substitute onion straws for one of the fries and just upcharge me. She said they do not upcharge and I absolutely could. It was the same person who answered the phone the first time and yep, she was still wonderful!All 3 sandwiches were hot and delicious . We were not crazy about the soup as it had the consistency of a slightly watered down potato with toppings in a cup ... no moisture at all except from the sour cream but the portions were generous enough to do the job for 2 grown guys and myself. We all swapped and tried each others stuff so we could decide if we liked the place enough to go again and you can be sure we'll be back! Next time we are having wings.  Thanks for the great service and food and for doing this neighborhood proud!
It was delicious! We had the burger and BBQ plate.. everything was great.. my daughter ordered a strawberry lemonade, while it was good, it was a bit overpriced. The atmosphere is wonderful, defibuait outside if it's in the 70s!
Really a fun place.  Great atmosphere, attentive and friendly servers and very good pizza and wings.The only reason I would not give it a 5 star rating was that they were out of three of the beers I really wanted to try.Definitely still a place I highly recommend.
The drinks are yummy in my opinion. I really liked the Lychee Crush, but I'm not a fan of spicy and sweet, so if you are, you should try this place. The whole place is very aesthetic so if you want good pictures, go here! The wait is a bit long at times, so make sure you aren't extremely busy.
I was really look forward to go to a Bobby Flay's restaurant but after being there i think the food was little bite over rated. The food was good and everything was great but it just wasn't what I thought it could of been. The food itself was pretty normal nothing really "in your face" or "has haves". The sauce in itself was just to die for but than Bobby is a master saucer.The pricing was normal not too bad for vegas.Service was nice and friendly but could be a little more personal.note: mean reason I put 4 star is b/c of Booby. If it was another places it would have been 3-3.5.
Wow. Talk about a hidden gem. Red Sea is plopped in the middle of a sketchy strip mall. From the outside, definitely no curb appeal.The food? Amazing. I had the vegetarian sampler platter and devoured the entire thing. The lentil dishes were by far my favorite, but everything was delicious. Spicy, intense flavors - definitely not recommended for a picky eater. I was with two friends who shared a lamb and chicken platter and some sambusas which they loved.We're planning on going back this week. Probably won't eat lunch that day.
I am a fan. I stop frequently when in the neighborhood as I like their local and organic produce that they use for their food. Another thing that I like is the coffee refills and reliable wifi.Their food is creative, diverse and evolving menu, especially their seasonal specials. I love earning the every day free bagel on your birthday month, their discounts for pick 2, bagels, free cup of coffee, or breakfast pastries.I signed up for the mypanera rewards program early on and it does pay off. I love their online app and fast rapid pick up.Another nice thing is the mini-scan card on my key ring.
One of my girl friends and I went here for a early birthday dinner on a Sunday. I definitely would recommend coming on a Sunday because they have all day half off appetizers and drinks! So it worked out great. The food was good! We ordered the salmon skin roll, the scallop roll, spicy tuna and I forgot the last one. But it was all tasty! Love hour hour.
I absolutely love nami! they offer so many so many vegan options which is great if you're like me and you can't eat dairy ;) I especially love their vegan donuts, and they always have new flavors to try. be warned though: they're not like krispy kremes or other regular donuts, because they are vegan, they are much more dense, and coupled with the fact that they are pretty large to begin with, you fill up rather quickly. so you don't need to buy more than one... or maybe two ;) the only downside to this place is that it's very laid back so there's really no sense of urgency in the employees, making time an issue. for example, it took 20 minutes for them to toast a bagel.. that being said this place is still the vegetarian cat's pajamas.
This place has an amazing selection of products that, up until now, I was buying at Whole Foods...no more of that nonsense! This is going to be my staple grocery store from now on. Great selection of flours, gluten free breads, alternative milks, and non-toxic soaps. I haven't take a look at their supplements section yet but I did see lots of resources for sprouting your own foods so when I'm ready to start that, this will be my first stop. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating was that the fresh produce section was a little sparse (but that could have been the time of day). Overall, wonderful place!!
Went here for their lunch buffet and it was very good. Many different dishes to choose from and everything I tried was good. Excellent value at around $14 per person. Place was very busy, so it took a while to get our bill. Other than that highly recommended!
The pizzza ordered had a really nice bubbled charred crust, the toppings of pepperoni and sausage were nicely flavored all in all worth checking out.
Stopped by for a second to grab a quick pick-up dinner for my family.Our pita sandwich with steak and hummus was delicious! Rice and lettuce bowls were ok too. Unfortunately, our lentil soup was way too thick and tasted like burned lentils. Also, their steak had a weird texture... it tasted as if it had been boiled, not grilled. Overall, we were satisfied with the food quality.
This place tries to be a little of everything,Five Guys, meets, Sushi Bar, meets whole foods, meets Caroline BBQ, meets pub, meets Heinens, etc....   Not a bad choice if you want to grab something to eat and do some shopping. Great beer selection, nice seafood dept and soccer moms! Nothing like the Solon Soccer mom, well except Orange Soccer Moms, or Beachwood Soccer moms, for that matter.Definitely worth a stop just for the Beer Bar alone!  Oh did I forget to mention Soccer moms, hiccup!
I've been looking for a nice spa to have my nails done and I noticed this place in the same plaza as my husband's music lessons. It is immaculately clean and there is no smell of acetone like some other nail salons. I had a pedicure and reflexology massage on this trip and it was wonderful! So relaxing I fell asleep during the reflexology massage. $60 for the treatment and I came out feeling energized and my feet and skin look and feel wonderful. I will definitely come back and try a manicure.
Killer and humongous omelette. They do not cheat you on the toppings. I built my own and it was fantastic. Didn't get too creative with some of their other fun choices but it looks to be the spot if you'd like to fill up and even get loaded up on the sweet stuff.
for me it is local drinking spot (4-5 stars) ... neighborhood, local bar. the food is average (3 stars) but I have always received great service (4-5 stars). I frequent the place once or twice a month over several years. Typically I get beer and taco. as I read the other reviews on negative service, not sure that I can relate ... maybe a one off experience. again, I have had very few bad service experiences over the years and those bad occasions have happened during a taco Tuesday experience when they are understaffed. thus I stopped going on Tuesdays ...
It was my first time here. It's very similar to Moes or Salsaritas and Chipotle. There are lots of options of food to pick on your plate. I got the steak bowl. It was good. I wasn't a fan of the queso though. Red hot sauce was really good. Staff was nice and the restaurant was clean.
We had driven by here so often and it's always crowded. The street appeal was not so good however, we decided that if so many people were inside, there had to be something going on. There was! The breakfast huevos rancheros is amazing! The coffee is excellent (finally a place that knows how to make coffee!), the carrot cake is delish and so much more. We've been there several times now and it will always be a cozy, funky place to go and eat.What a great find for Bowness!
What is a good reminder that I live in the wild wild west? Where can you see families riding their bikes, friends out for a good walk, athletes training for marathons and me pretending I love marathons?The lovely bridle path, that's where. And how do you know when you're at the bridal path? When you get to the horseshoe and dirt path. Yep. I'm serious. And, it's in the middle of Phoenix. I love the bridle path. It's my favorite place to get a good jog in and do a good bit of people watching at the same time. And stay in the city. When I'm not on a hike, this is usually where my run takes me. It is a little bit of the olden days right here in the city. The path is pretty frequented on weekend mornings, especially Saturdays, but it's not too crowded that there won't be room for you. Trust me. You should try it out. You'll get a good workout, some beautiful scenery, and it's a lot better than running on the pavement :)
I just got my nails done here and I cannot say I'm not pleased! I was a little wary with how this whole experience was going to go - but I'm glad I just bit the bullet! I went with my friend because it is where he goes. I will tell you - it is expensive, but worth it in the end. I recommend this place and Tina! My nails are beautiful and already got compliments 10 minutes after!
I really enjoyed the Pho filet mignon!! The broth had a great flavor and I was very happy with the speediness of food coming to the table after the order. The only reason I did not give 5 star is because service was not the greatest when it was time to to pay. I guess you are to walk to the front cash register when you are ready to pay? I wanted to order another soda but no one comes to check on you once they bring you your food. Other than that, the filet mignon Pho was so good that I will for sure be back regardless of the weird service when it was time to pay . My daughter had the chicken pho and that was ok but compared to the flavor of the beef, it wasn't all that.
We got this deal merely for sleeping, we weren't looking for entertainment. That is what the strip is for. I got a deal for this hotel for two nights and in total spent $150. I was very satisfied. The hotel itself has everything you need to feel at home and more. One downfall inside the room was that the balcony was not open so we couldn't take in the view. It came with a jacuzzi bathtub and rainfall shower head! The kitchen was a plus although we didn't use it. Check in was quick and easy and so was check out. I wish I would've bought more groupons for this hotel but I didn't know what to expect. I will be back again that's for sure :) also it's like a minute drive down flamingo road to the strip, not bad at all!!! And they have complimentary shuttles to the strip at the Palms to Caesars Palace, research stuff before you complain. It is was a good stay.
Apple, Inc. strikes again. Unrivaled in the service this company provides from in-store to unboxing your new gadget and then coming back in for assistance. Each time I've been in for help with iPhone issues or need of a new MacBook battery, each person at the Genius Bar has been cordial and happy to hear my side of the story. They take their time with each patron and genuinely help each situation. All of the goodies here. iPods, iPhones, MacBooks, backpacks and all of the accompanying gadgets. Apple products and apple-friendly products as far as the eye can see. You know the drill. My recommendation, if you're already an iPhone user, is to download the Apple Store application and make a reservation from the app. You can check in once you're in the store and they'll find you faster! Your name comes up in their queue and they serve you faster!Love this location and always my first choice instead of a 3rd party! Thanks, Apple for this great location. Cheers!
This is a good Big Lots location with a large selection of items. The aisles were well stocked and organized and I enjoyed my shopping visit quite a bit.
Me and hubby are a great fan of nandos. We are glad that they serve Halal chicken. Though we are not a big fan of their service. They close early, their last order would be at 9:30 or so. The food is always good. We order the same quarter chicken meal and hubby loves the skewers. Overall its good for their price.
We ate here for a big team dinner this week. There were twelve of us and we sat outside on the patio which is delightful. It was a chilly evening, but they moved all kinds of heaters around our table to make everyone comfortable. First up....It's hard to find the door! Our Uber driver dropped us off at the address and we were like...where is it?? You have to walk up the large cement stairs and then you'll see the cool neon blue dog sign. Inside - it's gorgeous! COOOOOL bar area with these neat hanging lights. Great place for a date!! LOVE the vibe. The drinks are awesome! I tried the Hibiscus Belle Fleur drink and it came with a beautiful flower in the glass. So fun, and so tasty. Kind of sweet, but not overly so. Everyone at the table loved their cocktails. It seems like they are all worth trying. We shared almost every single appetizer so we could try different things. Everyone freaked out about the deviled eggs! They have bacon jam at the bottom. Wowza. My favorite two appetizers were the flatbread and the sunchokes. But everything was great. I think it would be fine to just have a bunch of apps for dinner - they are that good. Someone in my party was craving the hamburger from the website photo... Turned out they ran out at lunch time! So no burgers at dinner. I had the roasted chicken as my entree. I received two chicken pieces, still on the bone. Very juicy and well seasoned. There was a lot of quinoa on my plate. i was wishing there was more butternut puree or more veggies. It was a good meal. I recommend this place for sure. Good for groups and also good for dates. It's not a place for kids - very adult vibe. I would come back if I'm in Phoenix visiting again.
Brand spanking new!!!! Very spacious and clean rooms. Ashlee who helped us at the front desk is very sweet! They only give you two pillows on the bed but the sheets are SUPER soft! Softest hotel sheets I've ever slept on. Lol Breakfast leaves much to be desired! A waffle is the only hot thing you can get/make. No meat. No eggs. 3 cereals to pick from. Frozen sandwiches that you have to microwave. Yogurt. Toast & bagels.  We decided to go to Chick-fil-a around the corner. This is a pet friendly hotel and they don't have specific rooms that they use for guest with pets so if you have a severe pet allergy I wouldn't stay here. Overall it's a nice hotel and we would probably stay here again
Knowledgable and friendly guys that really take their time to get it right. I can't thank them enough for getting my MacBook working again. (P.S. - Worth the drive if you live in Scottsdale. The other store was the opposite experience.)
I love this place!  They always have the cutest dresses!!  They are usually pretty cheap, and are often easy to shop for as most of them are one size fits all with the stretchy waistband (and no it doesn't look as grandma-ish as that sounds! lol).  One star was taken off b/c while the employees are really friendly, sometimes they are overly friendly in trying to help you find what you need.  I don't mind suggestions, but I like to have some space while shopping so I don't feel so much pressure to say yes to things I don't want.
I'm a true fan IHOP fan. Always have been. Always will be. While I will say his isn't the most top notch location, what keeps me coming back is the server that usually works the over might shift Jamal. He hustles and gets it done. Always has a smile on his face, positive and friendly attitude. The food is the same as usual. Tasty inexpensive. Simply love it
Came here with a group and really enjoyed a meal far more than I should.  Service was prompt though the drink orders kept getting messed up and the water refills a little slow.  I had the roasted onion soup which was terrific. Days later I still think about those croutons and the deep, rich broth that accompanied it. It was a little too salty but overall so much better than those other french onion soups that masquerade as the real thing.The duck was also a big hit.  It was quite tender.  Add a little sausage and you had a nice balanced main dish.The "bananas foster" was nothing like bananas foster, but a new take on it. I'm not even a bananas fan and I enjoyed it much.Overall, is it worth it for the price? Who knows. Someone else picked up my tab. But it is a good place to take a group when staying at the resort.
For the price, you can't beat this Korean buffet place.  it is like $13 for lunch and $17 for dinner.  Most of the other Korean places are a bit too expensive ~ Suri is $27 (more variety) and the Mother Korean is $25.  My wife loves Korean so we try to do it once a month.  If we went more often (esp to a buffet), I probably ballon into the Michelin man.As for the restaurant, outside, it doesn't look too appealing.  In fact, it looks like a run down shack.  The inside is like a diner setup.  Kinda long and curves around the end.  However, it was kinda cozy.As for the service, the 4x's that we have been there, we thought the service was pretty good (granted, all 4x's, we were with a large party).  They filled your drinks and got you a scissor, forks, and napkins pretty often.  Only issue that I had was that they only allow you one scissor per table.  Kinda sucks when you have to cut alot of Gabbi and Korean Ribs.  Otherwise, service was good.  By the way, one of the things that I do like is that they regularly change your grille when it needs changing.  As for the food, dessert looks awful.  Don't go there.  There non-meat dishes are nothing to talk about.  However, you are at a Korean buffet; so, eating meat and seafood is the key.  Their meat selection and seafood are pretty good.  Actually, I think it is comparable to other Korean restaurants in town.  Each time, I usually focus on eating the shrimp and Korean BBQ ribs.  Oooh la la.  Granted, you don't get the selection of the other restaurants, but you do get your money's worth.  Also, by the time that you are done eating, you do feel like a stuff pig.  Oink!  I guess this is one of the reasons why we come here often.Cheers,
Monday night wait was surprisingly long.  Plan ahead.  Food was excellent, although surprisingly pricey given that there is no meat.   Wasn't given the option by the server to order the smaller bowl, and therefore ended up with the larger bowl which was far too much food.  Ended up taking a lot of the food home with me.
Tried the bee legendary. I have to say this maybe the best nut milk that I've tried but man, it's quite expensive. Service was good. Good location as well.
We came here for dinner last night looking for a healthier option compared to our usual restaurant meals. For around $15 each you can get a main meat option and two sides. We got the chicken adobo, miso eggplant, roasted sweet potato and the turkey meatballs, eggplant, and potato salad. The chicken adobo was really, really good! It's a new item on their menu. We also loved all the sides we got (particularly the eggplant). The turkey meatballs weren't my favourite - they're spiced in a certain way that I didn't quite like and when the dish came out the meatballs themselves were no longer warm.They have a really nice summer patio in the shade of a large arching alley way and they had cute lights set up which made it a great place to eat. And on Monday nights they offer a bottle of wine for $20!I've heard that the portions when eating out are a bit smaller so it's better to eat in if you can. My friend also comes here regularly and suggests the beef brisket sandwich. I'll definitely come back to try it!
Pit stopped here on route to Barrie to pick up some beverages for a BBQ. Nice store! Spacious, clean, and well stocked. Had my grapefruit Stiegl so I was a happy camper! The cashier was super friendly. Liked it,
If you're in the mood for fondue in CU, you go to Bread Company. I've had their cheese, meat, and chocolate fondue and all are pretty good. There isn't an abundance of items to dip in the fondue, which is the only thing I'd change if I could. Still a great date spot if you're both into fondue. Dim lit with candles without trying to be pretentious so it sets a casual intimate mood.
I live out in the east end of North York, and yet my parents will brave the 401 traffic to specifically come here for lunch (and the occasional dinner) whenever they feel like lunching out. Their dim sum is some of the best in the city, and they are very flexible here. If you want a lobster for lunch (usually considered a dinner item) they have no problem making it for you. Their weekend dimsum menu is better (there are more items on it) but you'll have to brave the crowds of locals that come out for lunch. It's located in the back of the Doubletree Hotel, and they will validate your parking ticket for 2 hrs free parking if you dine in the restaurant. It's a bit on the pricy side, but worth it.The service is always excellent and food is always beautifully presented and delicious.
You can never go wrong with a simple meal from Rickys. Don't go expecting a high class meal because you aren't going to get one. That's one mistake I made once with the seasonal menu ordering 'Crab Cakes'. That's one thing I know- I will never order fish from this restaurant. However the meal I had today- the chicken tender breckie bowl was delicious. I was also very impressed because when I was joe able to finish my food, rather than having a styrofoam to go container they had paper so it is much better for the environment. The only reason this restaurant received a 4/5 is because they were busy and apparently our waitress had so many tables that we didn't have 1 consistent waitress - we had 4 and it seemed like they weren't communicating. We had our order taken twice and drinks, etc. :)
The s'mores ice cream is very good. Tasted like I was biting into a s'more. I really like their milk shakes too. I am pretty fond of anything coconut and most of their treats seem to be made with coconut milk. I live for this veg/vegan option #lactosintolerantlife
I stumbled in here while perusing its open-air counterpart and behold! This may look like yr average fancy-people grocery store, but those freckled and bespectacled hipsters lurking behind the counter are actually little sirens ready to lure you closer with free tastes of rice pudding, delicious wine, and a rainbow of beets, quinoa, and kale. OH, plentiful kale! Unable to stop myself, I embraced the magic and my own downfall, which arrived via paper plate and might have been a huge helping of rice pudding. I returned a second time for one extremely awesome sandwich and the extremely awesome dude who is apparently the master of veggie BBQ. I still hallucinate the smell of that sandwich when I get hungry. To sum up: you're doing alright in my book, Public Market. Especially for a fancy-people grocery store.
Target is my go to for toiletries, cleaning supplies, and candy runs before the movie. This particular Target is a nice stop on my lunch break. The ladies room is always clean and the scent in there reminds me of Fruity Pebbles, odd I know. Every now and again, I see decent deals on athletic wear and cosmetics.  You get 5 cents off for each reusable bag you use.  Shelves are generally well stocked. The store as a whole is pretty clean although some areas appear cluttered.  There's a Starbucks and Pizza Hut at this location.   I've had positive experience with customer service.  One time, I was here to purchase items from a registry, but their kiosk was down.  One of the associates took her time to show me how to pull up the registry on my phone.  Granted, the WiFi was poor that day, but the gesture was greatly appreciated. There is plenty of parking here and the lines move quickly.
This place was able to get me in very quickly as a walk in. They have great pricing and a comfortable atmosphere. They are only four stars, however, because my manicurist could have been gentler. My cuticles were a little sore afterwards! Services were overall great though. I got a full set coffin style for $30 and a honey sugar scrub pedicure for $27.
Cafellini is a beautiful minimalist dream with a fair amount of seating and lovely eiffel chairs. The coffee is great and the location is perfect for grabbing a cub before going into the Beaubien metro station.  I wrote a more detailed review with photos on my blog which you can check out here: http://www.leblogsansnom.com/blog/2016/2/21/caffeine-fix-cafellini
Pretty good. This place opened up on the 18th I believe. We got the chance to try it today and it filled up pretty quickly. The decor is similiar to Kinton next door with the same black tiles, large open windows and the wooden benches and tables.We were quickly seated but that's most likely because we were some of the first people to check out this new restaurant. It has a pretty good selection ranging from $11-22 on the main dishes I believe.We ordered the kimchii omlette rice and the cream chicken katsu. And was immediately served a side dish of pickled vegetables and two varieties of soup, one for each dish. Miso for the omlette rice and cream of mushroom for the cream katsu. Both were pretty standard. Once our dishes came we were astounded by the sizes! These dishes were very big, larger than an adult man's head! The Kimchii Omlette Rice was delicious, a little spicy and tart; served with a Demi glacé sauce, potatoe salad and Cole slaw. I wish that the Cole slaw and potatoe salad weren't so sour as it doesn't complement the dish very well. I believe a side garden salad and some wedges would have been a better option.The Cream Chicken Katsu was by far superior. Four small katsu pieces came pre sliced and covered in a creamy Alfredo sauce that tasted creamy, salty, and cheesy. This dish came with a small salad, rice and the same potatoe salad and Cole slaw of the previous dish. The tartness worked better with this dish than the omlette rice. Our bill came up to $32 including tip, $28 without. I would say the place is very much worth the price, I look forward to trying it again!
Great gas prices and surprisingly a great convenience store as well. I do feel their coke product prices are high unless coke has just gone up but I've gotten Powerade as 2 for $1.50? before at Terrible's or Rebel and it was more expensive here but with it being across the street from my work can't complain too much. I also grabbed a salad from their to-go section and wow! Worth every penny and it comes with 2 salad dressings!
Sorry, Elara! This review is super overdue. Elara is a great "hideout" tucked away, yet still right around the corner, from all the Vegas action. It's by no means a grand spot on the Strip, but it's a good quality hotel. I stayed with a small group in a one-bedroom suite that had a kitchenette and plenty of lounge space, and a fold-out couch. The best part about Elara is the fact that it's still convenient and central to the strip. Right downstairs you'll find access to Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile shops and restaurants. Can't top the location.Also, if I recall correctly, this place doesn't charge resort fees. That aside, its rates are still very affordable. Would recommend!
First off our waiter Jonathan was amazing! We were celebrating my dads 70th bday and they took great care of us. Everyone enjoyed their food but the place is very large so a bit loud and not a very intimate experience but still recommend
The happy hour gang I hang out with frequents this place often.  It's hard to find a decent martini in Cleveland, but I have to say they know how to shake an excellent one here.I've been here a few times and the food has been consistently delicious every time.  The pizzas really stand out.  They're half price during happy hour.  Oh and they're also a little smaller than the full priced fare, but they are still delicious.The rest of the menu looks really delicious, but I don't know how many people know they have a full menu.  People may think this is a bar only, yet there appear to be some really nice entrees as well.  I'll need to come back and try those.During warmer weather, this is one of the best patios around.  I really want this place to succeed.  This location has been cursed by so many failed restaurants.  In my opinion, this place should be around for a long time.  It's nice to have a classier, unpretentious wine and martini bar on the west side of town.
I came to this Del Taco and ordered some Tacos and a burrito. Everything was tasty and the owner and staff were quick and friendly. I recommend this Spot!
I'm so glad you are making a second location in Goodyear. There needs to be a 24hr Dutch bro maybe the new location? It's 10:40pm on a Friday night it's insanely busy & It closes at 11pm. The wait time for a drink 30 min. Ugh.
The OG is still CASH ONLY!After visiting my aunt and uncle in a nursing home way, way out in South Fayette last evening, Dad decided to treat us on the way back. The dolmades are still divine, and the fries are twice-cooked, hot fat glory, but that gyro, which I had been itching to sample was a worthy challenger if not the very best I've ever eaten. The pita bread was fresh, plush, and studded with cornmeal, the meat was fall-apart luscious, but the ace in the shirt pocket was the tzatziki sauce which recalled ranch dressing with its union of lardy, tangy, and sweet. And the baklava was yet again nutty, flaky, honey-drenched pleasure.
This review is ONLY for the hotel room.  (The casino's ventilation sucks and your hair will stink when you leave.)I have stayed there twice.  Once in a normal king room and last night in a jacuzzi king room.  The jacuzzi is not quite big enough for two people, but it is really nice and relaxing.  This room was a corner, so the huge windows on two sides of the room.  Excellent view of the whole city.  The shower is not for the modest; completely see through glass.  Comfortable bed.  The comforter was covered with a duvet.  There is just a cleanliness about the room.  This is really a nice place to stay.  The rooms are great.  I highly recommend.
Pretty good - a nice option for pho in the north Scottsdale area.  It's in a nondescript strip mall that's easy to miss.  In addition to the pho, which was quality stuff, I gave the shaken beef a try - a bit oily, but overall tasty.  They've got a whole menu chocked full of rice dishes and I'll likely go back and try some more.
This is a really nice, classy joint. Don't bring your punk friends here or try to act cute, got it? Good.Now for those who enjoy a good lunch: the portions are generous, the daily specials always are and they put ice in the mens room. This place also happens to be hidden in the coolest strip mall in all of Arizona. If you can't find it, you don't belong there.
I come here pretty often because the location is so convenient and I work just right around the corner as well. Like anyone who likes thai food and is rather basic lol, I always get the pad thai with steamed tofu. Prices are super reasonable (entrees ranging from $6.95-8.95) and portion sizes are big as well. Their serving sizes can feed about two people but I definitely recommend doing family style and just ordering a lot of entrees and sharing. There's so much to order so you can't go wrong there. Other than pad thai, I usually get their green and yellow curry with either chicken or pork and brown rice. Most of their dishes give you the option of your choice of protein which can range from shrimp, chicken, pork, steamed/fried tofu, beef. I like their pad see ew but it can be a little too salty but it's been different everytime I've ordered it. If you're sick, I definitely recommend their Tom Kha or their silver noodle soup which is a bit simpler but still good. Their thai tea isn't overbearing (too sweet) compared to boba shops. Only huge downside to this place is that the workers here can be pretty rude or come off really cold and mean. It's honestly just a hit or miss though. A couple ladies that work there have been sweet and provide really good service but most of the time, they are pretty rude and give you attitude. I wasn't sure if I was the only one who noticed it but a couple of my friends who ordered pick up and dined in found the workers to be rude too. That's the only downside I can think of. It's not something they can exactly control but it sort of just kills the mood when you're trying to enjoy the food and ruins the atmosphere a little. Food is on point and the interior is pretty small and cozy but there's nothing wrong with that. Overall, a great place for authentic thai food for affordable prices!
Easily some of the best Chinese food on this side of town! I can only speak for the vegetarian options. The veggie fried rice does have egg, though you can of course ask for it without like I did, still tastes great. Veggie lo mein is great, vegetable potstickers were great, a little flavorless, but they were satisfying. For $20, I got portions large enough for two or, if you're eating alone, enough for a large lunch, dinner, and lunch the next day, roughly $6 a meal, so not bad! Service was quick and staff was friendly, not busy. Fresh veggies, everything was thoroughly cooked. Highly recommend this place and I've tried a lot of Chinese food on the east side.
Nice classy steakhouse, we ordered the porterhouse for 2 , which was delicious. Cocktail  menu could be better. Wine selection was nice. Their creme brûlée was very delicious! Overall a pleasant experience
The food is very good. we are fans of the chicken gorgonzola and the veal toscana.  the linguini and clam sauce is good.  garlic knots are very good.  Fried calamari is excellent, plain but high quality.  the bread is outstanding.The waiter and the staff are outstanding.  They go far out of their way to help you if you have food problems.  My wife can not eat black pepper.  They have always made sure her food is without it and even the cook double checked every thing she was using.  I have not had that kind of service for a long time.It does not look prepossessing when you walk in, but once you get back to the dining area it is very nice.  It is quiet and very comfortable.
I was a bit scared when I arrived at 1pm on a Monday to find exactly 1 other person in the restaurant. I was cold and wanted soup, though, so I stuck it out. Glad I did, as a few more people eventually showed up and my braised beef noodle soup was quite yummy. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were filling and had a nice texture. The service was super fast and smiley. The only cons were that some of the beef pieces were on the tough side and I was expecting a little more spice to the soup, but I wouldn't hesitate to eat there again.
Everyone knows they hate going to the post office especially when it is the holidays but I have to say this was an unusual experience. Im the kinda of person who at the post office wants to limit all personal contact with any human being besides dropping off the package I'm trying to ship out or buying forever stamps (which you can now buy at other places beside the post office so i don't even come here for that anymore). But like I said Unusual Good experience here. Aftering seeing the 30+ person deep line on the day before X-Mas, I went to the self help weighing machine to pay for the flat rate boxes. After I thought I did everything right, I didn't know where to drop the box off. So I jumped to the front of the line and asked one of them employees Matt,and he said I paid for the wrong box amount.Thanks to him, instead of asking me to wait in the inexcusable line that is the post office, he came out from behind the counter and walked me through the steps and in actuality I OVERPAID for the box. Unfortunately, he couldn't give me a refund nor use the credit to buy anything but whatever, I avoided what could have been easily a 30min-1hour visit to the post office and my friend got her Bday package on time.Thanks to Matt, I spent a total of 7min in the post office on the day before Xmas.THANK YOU MATT!!1) Tip- Pick up prepaid flat rate boxes and envelopes before and PAY FOR THEM AT HOME and then just drop them off at the post office2) Use the self help machine to pay for letters and packages so you can avoid the bad customer service at the post office that we all usually experience (just like at the DMV)3) Avoid standing in the line as little as possible because we all know how slow that line moves
Just spent nearly five nights (left on a red eye on the fifth night) at Planet Hollywood Towers and we had an AMAZING time. In a nutshell, this place is clean, modern and probably the best bang for your buck on the strip.We (my husband and I) went to Vegas for the first time over the New Year's holiday with two of our friends who have been before. I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel because I was under the impression it was "off the strip". In reality, it is slightly off the strip, but connected easily through the Miracle Mile shops which lead right out to the strip. Having the Miracle Mile shops were actually a good thing because we had several great meals (see other reviews) and everything that you could need was easily accessible including food, bars, shopping and the casino.FIRST IMPRESSIONUpon arrival, we were extremely impressed with our room. The four of us stayed in a one bedroom suite with an adjoined king bedroom. We ended up paying about $400 per person for the hotel and we all felt that it was well worth it. If we were younger and cared less about personal space, we could have easily fit a total of 8 people which would have cut the cost in half.SIDE NOTE: We ended up getting a AAA membership to save an additional $200 on the room rate. The membership was only $60...As mentioned in other reviews, this is a smoke free hotel, which is a huge plus on my list. One of our friends is a smoker and I think she was content with the smoking area off of the lobby. It is just a trip down the elevators, on the right, out the door. THE ROOMAs mentioned, the decor is very modern and well maintained. I'm a total clean-freak and this place was spotless. The suite amenities did not disappoint and included; full kitchen with seating for six around a raised table, large sofa sectional, projector TV, jacuzzi tub, huge bathroom...The only disappointing aspect of our room was the view of the parking lot. Others mentioned an option to upgrade to higher floors with a view for an extra $10 a night, which we totally thought was worth it, but after calling the hotel several times before check-in, this can only be done upon arrival. We arrived around 6:00pm on the Thursday before New Year's and were disappointed to find out that all of the higher rooms were occupied by timeshare holders, so we were stuck with the 12th floor. Even still, we didn't spend all that much time in the room (other than early morning and our scheduled mid-day naps) and while we were in the room, we usually kept the shades down anyway. Had we had a better view, maybe this would have been different.Ladies, don't waste the space in your suitcase for a hairdryer because the ones provided work great. Not those little ones that are stuck to the wall, but a full size, regular hairdryer.THE NEGATIVESThe housekeeping system at this hotel is very strange...since we had an adjoined room, it was really two rooms. One housekeeper was assigned to the smaller room and another was assigned to the suite. This wouldn't have been such a big deal, but one day, the room was cleaned and the suite wasn't, so we had over flowing garbage and ran out of toilet paper. When we asked the woman who was cleaning the room, she said that she wasn't assigned to the suite and that someone else would show up...but they never did. We called down to housekeeping, but they still didn't come until the next day.I had a FedEx package (containing my New Year's Eve dress) sent to the hotel. I was on edge waiting for it New Year's Eve day hoping that it would get there. Since you have to pay for Internet, we just decided to use our cell phones. I checked my phone around 1:00pm and it said the package was delivered at 9:30am. I thought that was a long time to be waiting for the package, but it was New Year's day and they were busy. I had to contact the front desk and they immediately sent someone to find my package and had it delivered to our room.We had food delivered to the hotel (details below) and the bellhop was USELESS and RUDE. We ended up coordinating among us to carry three cases of water, case of Coke, case of Corona and a bunch of grocery bags to avoid waiting for an eternity and giving him a tip.All-in-all...nothing tragic.THE MUST DOsThanks to another review we read, we ordered a few staple groceries, snacks and beverages using Vons.com to be delivered to the hotel. This was one of the best decisions we made because we saved money and time. There are ABC stores in the Miracle Mile shops, but they are a bit pricey and have a limited selection. Ordering from Vons.com is like ordering directly from a grocery store that carries liquor. IF YOU DON'T DO ANYTHING ELSE...DO THIS.
This is a review of the restaurant experience.The environment and service are both good, so I'll get right to the food. I had the $6 green pork chili hand pie/chocolate creme brulee combo. The prices are low on the absolute scale, but the portion size reflects this. It will satisfy the average hunger and is about the same size as some fast food places, but there are other restaurants at similar price points that offer quite a bit more food. You do get a side salad with the hand pie, so that helps some. Next time, I would order it with no dressing because the salad dressing tasted a bit weird.The hand pie and creme brulee were both tasty and made with care. The creme brulee topping was on the thicker side, but the flavor was there.I liked my meal and dining experience, and I would like to return.
Came here on a Saturday with my boyfriend to satisfy a dim sum craving we both had. I made a reservation for 1 p.m., and when we arrived, the place was packed. It also appeared to be really understaffed, as the hostess was running around the front dealing with reservations, seating charts, and serving. Because of the lack of staff, it took us a bit of time before we could ask someone for a pen to start ordering, and before we we could order drinks. As a side note, please be advised that they charge for tea here. My boyfriend and I don't drink tea, but the group next to us were really peeved about this when they received their bills.Ordering is very simple, just check off the items on the brochure that you want. We were happy to find lots of options, most at prices ranging from $3-6, which we found to be incredible value. We ended up ordering the following:- har gow- chicken siu mai- shrimp spring rolls- BBQ pork buns (x2)- pork pan-fried potstickers- beef ribs- yeung chow fried riceWe enjoyed every single thing we ordered (the dumplings and fried rice were my personal favourites), and our bill came out to under $60 with tax (tip not included). We even were able to bring home some leftovers, which my guy was really happy about, because he had been craving the pork buns for a while.One star off for the wait (even with a reservation) and for the curt service of the woman who brought us food but would not respond to requests for sauces, utensils, or drinks because she was "not the waitress". We will come back, but may re-think it if service does not improve on the second go.
Great independent coffee and pastry spot in the heart of Tivoli Village with free parking.
I went to the Pond today and there was no cover for locals as well as no-minimum for a cabana because it wasn't very crowded being a Wednesday.  It was super hot and I couldn't get in the pool though because the pool was glacial-cold!  I was surprised because it's been so hot I'm surprised the sun hasn't heated the pool to a normal-cool temperature.  I wasn't sure if I was just being crazy but my girlfriends also couldn't get in the pool.  No worries though because we sat in the cabana a bit and the misters came on and it was pretty nice.  It also was a nice time because we had an amazing bartender who kept walking over to check on us.  She had long blonde mermaid waves with some purple in it to match her bikini.  She was super nice and really did everything she could to ensure us a great time.  While I was there I had a lobster and avocado salad.  For $18 you get a dark leafy green salad with thinly-sliced avocado on top and lots of lobster- two entire claws plus it seemed!  I was pretty impressed it could be $18!  I don't think the lobster was super fresh but for $18 that was a steal!  The service really was stellar.
Excellent service,  nice atmosphere, friendly staff.  The food is phenomenal.  Soups and sandwiches are made with the best ingredients,  haven't tried the pastries but they look great.  Highly recommended
Want a warm bowl of spicy noodles or wontons?  Mian is your place. This noodle restaurant serves dishes that comes from the schezuan area of China. It's cold there year long so people love spicy food to keep warm ( or at least that's what my mom told me). I got their chengdu zhazheng mian that comes with a spicy sauce( definitely not too spicy) and it comes with veggies fried egg and ground pork. It's broth-less. I thought the dish was really good. At the end the peppers got a little gritty but this is a delicious hearty bowl of noodles. I would have liked more veggies but you can always order extra on the side.  They have non spicy options as well. Also they serve their meals with mung bean soup which is almost like a surgery tea. It seemed like dessert to me and paired really well with their spicy food. The must try dish here is their steamed egg. I missed it on the menu but my friend ordered it and it was so so good!  It comes in a cup and the egg is topped with a sweet soy sauce and ground beef. The egg texture is so soft and velvety!  It's amazing. I will definitely order that again the next time in back.
Soup base, wontons all yummy. Service friendly. Food comes out fast. I might skip the fish calls next time as they look and tasted like it was spooned out of the fish paste they sell at the grocery store. Next time going to go for pure wontons. Try the chili oil. It looks like they make own as they sell them by the jar at the counter. Almost bought one as the chili tasted really good. There's a different flavor in it that I can't quite put my finger on. Would recommend if u r in the area and looking for a cheap and quick eat. They have 2 locations.
The vegetarian options here are great. Try the enchiladas vegetarianos and wash it down with some horchata.
If you are looking for Vietnamese dessert this is the place to go! Large selections of all sorts of combinations of desserts! Have been many times in the 626, same quality of desserts/ Definitely coming back to try other items on the menu.
Just came here for the first time. Some cool things that set it apart from say, Jason's Deli: Italian soda bar, charging station, chocolate dipped strawberry with every meal. Grilled cheese sandwich was really good, as were the tomato bisque and red pepper lobster soups. Really reasonably priced. The bad: Caramel brownie looked better than it tasted. My boyfriend's soup had a hair in it. Limited seating. Loud.
Definitely something I would recommend if you're looking for a nice, upscale dinner but with a comfortable environment. The restaurant itself is quaint and cozy. The staff was very friendly and well-versed on the menu. Portion size was actually very decent for the price. Not a load of food like at the Cheesecake Factory but enough to keep you content. Definitely would recommend the "Bone Marrow Appetizer" if you want to try something unique... yes, you read that right. It's bone marrow from a cow! Crazy good actually when you spread it on the included crostini's. *PLUS: complimentary WARM bread with butter.
I love going to local shops and decided to give Sub Station a try. I live right across the street so it was very convenient. I ordered the small turkey and cheese sub (about 8inches). All subs come with lettuce, tomato, onions, salt/pepper, oil and vinegar, but I also added olives and banana peppers. They had tons of toppings and sauces to pick from. I think you can also toast your sub, but I forgot to ask. Unlike other sub shops, they cut their meat and cheese fresh so I was able to see my sub being make from beginning to end. My sub was pretty good. The bread was light and soft and the oil and vinegar mixture made it very tasty. Next time I want to try the spicy mayo on my sub! There are tons of options here so you can't go wrong. They also have daily specials for a sandwich with a drink for $6. I would be back for a quick lunch soon.
I loved all of the vintage inspired items. Some of them were pricey but most items were reasonably priced. I hated being followed by an associate the whole time. But considering the area of town I wasn't that offended.
I really enjoyed this place, it's so intimate and the music is always great. It's very small so you may not always find a place to sit. During the summer they have a really cute patio that makes you feel like you're just chilling in a friend's backyard. They also do poetry/spoken word nights - I haven't been to one yet but I'm planning on it soon. Warning: They never play top 40/pop music so if that's all you're into, do not come here! You won't enjoy it - made the mistake of bringing a friend that hated the music and she didn't have a good time.
Came back to my car in my hotel parking garage to find a flat tire :( so I hopped on yelp and this was the first company to pop up. Why not give them a call? They have great reviews... They answered the phone right away and told me to head over and that they'll be ready for me! They fixed my tire in 20 min!!! And from what I saw their garage was full. I was in and out in no time. It was fantastic. The restrooms were SPOTLESS and almost seemed new lol and they had complimentary refreshments and drinks. Really??!?!? It was so nice to be in a friendly and clean enviornment.P.s. They have a yelp check in deal right now, $10 off service! (Excludes my tire issue though lol) "we don't really make money off of little things like that so I cannot honor your yelp deal." Hmmmmm whatever lol
This restaurant is subtle on the exterior, but what it offers is unique and comforting. Bannock focuses on rustic Canadian cuisine and its interiors definitely reflects that. Candlelight (albeit fake) illuminates jars of preserves and cottage-like wood walls; while the tables and seats bring a contemporary flair.The menu's dishes reflect what Canada has to offer in ingredients and style. On my visits I have had their boiled dinner and pork belly tortiere; both fantastic. Flavours were great in both dishes (especially the boiled dinner) and was not overpowering. The beer selection is not big, and features some rather standard Canadian choices.I really like this restaurant for its relaxed atmosphere, and its delicious and simple menu. Great for dinner after or before a nice skate at Nathan Phillips Square!
Place is open late which is always nice in Vegas. The food was good and they have so many meat options to try. They offer small portions but are reasonably priced so try and try and try.
Discovered this newly opened restaurant and I was very glad that I did! They advertise that they offer Mongolian food, but they also have some northern Chinese items as well. My experience was already off to a good start when they gave me complimentary corn and egg white soup along with bread sticks (fried with a sweet taste), and both of which were pretty enjoyable, especially since they were free ;) We ordered a beef pancake which I really enjoyed b/c it was overflowing with juices. We also got the stewed beef ribs and bread. The bread tasted awesome with the sauce, and for some reason the beef had a taste of lamb with it. Not sure if this was intentional, or simply b/c they cook both meets in the same wok. Regardless I personally enjoyed the dish BUT for those who don't like lamb I may have to caution you against it.  Service was also very polite, which is not common among chinese establishments, but I'm happy that it exists here. They also have special menu combos for large groups which I intend on trying out with the family soon!! I am also happy to see a Mongolian restaurant that does not involve a grill/bbq. Very welcome addition to the Chinese food scene in the GTA and adds some much needed variation!Minor point of irritation: Very cumbersome seats. Very hard to pull out the heavy seats from the table, especially on the carpet that they have.
The bone in NY steak was absolutely divine. Full lobster was so good too. We also had the bruschetta, calamari and ceasar salads all of which were equally as delicious. Recommend the sides of spinach and broccoli with cheese. Staff was very courteous but also fun!!
I went with a group of girls and we had soo much fun. We got the ruby package jsuk.WIth that we got to learn how to lap dance. How to strip without looking like a dork(we've all been there) And how seduce our men with a few looks. THEN the difficult part. well for me. I couldn't swing around the damn pole. Luckily the thing lights up and it's rather cozy and small inside. And it goes tos how the one girl who did cheerleading was the best at it. She even got to learn and upside down move.  And my friend who is obsese even finessed the pole. I got it eventually. The instructor was super super nice and fit. I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE!Also! with the package we got t-shirts and photos. With feather boas. and a card that has our stripper name on it lol. Don't ask. I couldn't think of one. :) oh and it came with a complentary drink at the bar. You know to help relax the nerves! I could have used 4 of em. But eh. It was free.
This place is perfect for a morning outing with your toddler. They have a nice patio area with a splash pad for the little ones. The patio is partially shaded by trees which makes it bearable with our intense hot weather. We had a yogurt parfait and an oatmeal which were good. I'm a serious latte drinker and it was okay. I gave it four stars for ambiance (especially a place for my kiddo to enjoy) and food. Wish this place was closer to my house!
The patio is perfection. The chopped salad was very very very good. The steamed buns are 100% worth it. We only tried one I suggest all 3 in fact i would try all 3 and pass on the dumplings unless you have a huge appetite in which case do both but if you have to pick I'd do buns over dumplings. The ramen is very popular. It's not my cup of tea so I can't say it was to die for but the pork belly one is their most popular so we got it and it was fine but again not something I'm that in to so it tasted good but I wish we would have gotten the pad Thai with shrimp personally. Another thing I didn't get to try and wish I would have is the kimchi fried rice. Definitely will do that next time. And then their dessert menu only has 2 items there is a butter cake which wasn't worth it and then beignets which I didn't have but would try next time as well.
Food is decent here, but lets be honest, if you're looking up this place it's because your favorite band is playing here. Great room for an intimate show, staff is great, prices are reasonable. I'll definitely be back many times in the future for concerts. I'd probably eat dinner else where beforehand though.
When I saw this place show up as a Hot New Business on the Yelp frontpage, I thought it was a bit of a silly name.  But it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  Think Subway/Chipotle (Custom Built Sandwich/Burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8.95 gets you a 12-inch pizza with all the toppings you want.  According to their website:(4) kinds of sauces(4) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together(7) kinds of meats(7) kinds of veggies(7) kinds of toppers, added after the pizza is cookedWho else sells you a (potentially) 25-topping pizza for $8.95?!  I don't know if I would try it.  Except that I totally would if I could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  Once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant I had my food!For my very first custom built pizza I had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, Italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/CeqWpwHBoaxwRcv5btnv6g?select=zg2BAK39ZOP7M6bmZmAF7Q#tqe5lahN7SPZZw2mLVaFag).  I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and I'm quite okay with that.  No gum for me, I'm still enjoying my pizza.  Tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.  You want to ask me out for dinner?  How the heck are you gonna do that?  You can build me a pizza or something.  I am a fan and I will most definitely be back.
While shopping in the Strip, we wanted to grab a quick bite for a late lunch. We stopped in and I got two slices of pepperoni pizza. The slices were enormous, covered in pepperoni and piping hot. I'm normally more of a thick crust fan, but the crispy thin crust here was on point. I scarfed down my two slices, which were probably more like four slices of normal sized pizza, and headed back out the door. Will definitely be back for another slice, or three.
Very clean neighborhood bar that could be considered a dive but with a nice beer selection and good daily specials.Stopped in for Millvale Music Fest and had a nice time with locals as well as performers and pals.Will definitely come again.$4 Ketel One Bloody Mary on Saturday.
Brand new eatery at Pape Ave & Aldrych. Amazing fresh food. Probably the best gyros I have ever experienced. It's namesake, tzaziki, is amazing. I highly recommend this place. Once they overcome some simple learning curves this will be a huge addition to the neighbourhood. Great food, friendly employees, very happy to see it open and so well received.
My family and I have been here a bunch of times, it's always a fun time, nothing really bad to say about it...some of the entrees are a bit pricey, but I guess you're kind of also paying for the experience.  Lively and entertaining for both kids and adults alike, and I defy you not to start singing along with at least a few of the songs playing overhead!For being a Saturday evening, we didn't have to wait too too long to be seated (about 15 minutes).  Our server greeted us quickly and was sure to forewarn us that they were having issues with the computer system so things were running a little more slowly than usual.  We weren't in a hurry so it was okay, and we appreciated the heads-up.  He was friendly and attentive.  One of the managers also greeted us warmly as we waited for our meals.  We were pleased with the service.  This was my first time as a vegan patron and I was super happy to learn that their Veggie Burger is actually made with the vegan Boca patty...hooray!  So my dinner was a veggie burger, which wasn't the most delicious meal I've ever had, but sure beat having to order a plain side salad or tiny dish of steamed veggies.  My husband opted for dessert only, but his brownie and ice cream dish might as well have been a meal, it was humongous.  Our daughter's burger was good sized and she loved it.  Everything was to our liking, no complaints.This isn't what I'd call a super intimate environment, not a whole lot of privacy and the tables are pretty packed together, but it's a fun, energetic vibe.  Many times they have clowns, stilt-walkers, or balloon artists wandering the floor to entertain the kiddos during dinner.  It's also pretty decent "after hours" when the adult environment takes over...good drinks, good music, a dance floor for those who really get to feelin' it...I've had some good times here.Margaritaville is usually a pretty good bet, in my opinion.  Nothing bad to say, I like this place a lot.  I'm a fan!
This is a cute little cafe in Phoenix's oldest hotel that serves relatively affordable and tasty lunch fare in a comfortable and friendly environment that looks out onto the streets of downtown. It still amazes me that spots this cozy and cheap can exist in a major city's downtown. To me, that's part of Phoenix's charm.Where else can you work downtown and walk just a block or two from your office tower to have a really nice and affordable lunch in a place quiet enough to have a conversation? I took my parents and grandmother here when they were in town last weekend. We found street parking spots after only circling a few times and then lingered over lunch here for an hour or so. I don't remember everything that everyone ordered, but my portobello sandwich was really tasty and my mom's salad (with dried cranberries and crumbled cheese) was really fresh and huge! Five of us ended up eating lunch (along with sodas, a smoothie, and cookie) for only $45 or so, and it was fun to sit by the big glass windows and watch the lunch hour downtown evolve. This is a great lunch spot either for people working in the heart of downtown or anyone visiting who wants to see downtown and grab lunch while there.
The Stetson Chopped salad is everything you're hoping it'll be and more. Unless the more is a cheeseburger. It's not a cheeseburger.
The first thing you should know about La Paloma is that it is CASH ONLY. Being one who relies solely on debit, I had to return another day after reading the sign on the counter. But even if you forget, they have a system where you pay for your order first and then stand in (a massive) line during which time you get to gaze in at all the flavours.I'm often frugal, so the $4.20+tax for a small (1 flavour) sent a sharp pain to my chest at first. But honestly, once you taste it, you'll be glad you chose La Paloma over the $1 McDonald's soft serve down the street. Your best bet, if there are two of you and you're down to share, would be to purchase the 3 flavour dish for about $6. Truthfully though, the 1 flavour was very filling and it would've been a stretch to scoop any more into my mouth.Staff were friendly. The first time we went in (before quickly walking out after seeing CASH ONLY), it was busy but not a complete madhouse. There were a few children at the counter asking for samples. I wouldn't recommend trying this on a Saturday afternoon when all hell has broken loose in the place, but it's neat that they offer this.I got some chocolate flavour I could barely pronounce, let alone remember the correct spelling of days later. It had hazelnuts and tartufo inside. My boyfriend got the biscotti. Both were rich, creamy and better than any ice cream I'd ever tasted.The best part is it's located right beside Giovanni Caboto park. There are little tables and chairs in front of the park where you can sit to enjoy your gelato. Also, lots of free parking as long as it's not rush hour. But even then, there are several side streets nearby.
My husband has been suffering from GI problems the last couple months. His Doctor referred him to see Dr. Chen. Booking an appointment was a breeze plus super nice staff. No attitude, no rudeness! :) The wait prior to the appointment was short. The website has all the forms you need which in convenient. He'll be have a procedure soon so I completed his pre-op paperwork using the website. The website was easy to navigate. Will update post after procedure!
This place used to be amazing. I came about once a week for nearly 6 months. Always the freshest ingredients and unique sub choices.  The past 3 times I have came its not as good.  Don't know if the management or employees have changed but its just not up to par. The sandwiches are sloppily made. All 3 times I got brown avocado instead of green. Also they were out of banana peppers or jalapenos everytime. For me this is key to a good sub.  Still a 4 star joint cause of the uniqueness and its gotta just be a matter of time till they get it together again. I say give it a shot if you are in for a casual lunch with unique selection of subs.****UPDATE**** The owner contacted me directly. Apologized for the poor experience. Then invited me to come back for another meal. All the problems had been remedied and the food was better than ever. Glad they keep on top of everything. Great food, Great Owners.
I've been coming to this Sauce for quite a while and its consistently good. I don't think I've ever had a bad experience because I always know what to expect.The pizza is good, salads are solid, and the mac n' cheese...well, lets just say I'm a sucker it. Every time we come to eat here the service is friendly and helpful, probably the best I've had from a "fast casual" type of restaurant.I definitely recommend sauce if you're looking for something fairly quick but delivers on quality.
I had veg tali cauliflower/potato and chickpeas. I'm not an Indian food expert but I really love this place cheap and they give a lot always full and happy!
This guy seems too good to be true the first time!Putting our name on Chris's list to get in FREE and FAST?  I was definitely a skeptic.  I scoured through his Yelp reviews, read every comment on his Facebook page and search the internet for days looking for a catch or false advertising claim...and I couldn't find anything.I was bringing a group of 11 girls to Vegas for my sister's bachelorette weekend and we wanted to get into the clubs without having to wait in line or pay a cover...and Chris's Free Vegas Club Passes helped us do it.The first night, we went to Moon and Playboy at the Palms.  He texted me around 5pm and told us when to get there.  We just walked right up, said we were on Chris Hornack's list and they checked us in.  No cover, no waiting...awesome.The second night, we headed to Tryst at the Wynn and had the same good experience.  It was a little harder to flag down the guy with the clipboard (with so many people trying to palm him money to skip the line).  Once we got his attention, we said we were on the list and he let the whole group in...even our one dude didn't have to pay!Having never been to Vegas clubs before, I didn't know what to expect.  I heard rumors of long waits and high covers, so signing up with Chris seemed like the smart thing to do.  I really can't understand why all those other people standing in line didn't do the same....Thanks Chris!
Sushi was fantastic including the rolls we ordered. Miso soup was very average. Very nice ambiance. Definitely coming back.
OVERALL (3.5)- MY drink tasted great- Pricey- you pay for the novelty and experience EXPERIENCE (3.5)- It's a fun novelty and experience, but not something I will return too often unless I want to show the fun places Toronto has to offer- busy- slower than regular bubble tea places (excusable because it's different than others)LOCATION (5)- Super close to Ryerson University/ Eaton- easy to find on Google MapsDRINKS (3.5)- My drink: Cold Drink, Black Tea, Lychee and Rose Syrup, Strawberry Boba (9/10)My Comments: "yum, filling"- My friends' drinks:Friend #1: Cold Drink, Green Tea, Mango and Peach Syrup, Tapioca (7/10) F1 Comments : "fine, nothing special, syrup-portioning isn't too good, too watery; I wish there were different sizes"Friend #2: Cold Drink, Green Tea, Matcha and Coconut Powder, 33% sugar, Evaporated Milk and Tapioca (4/10) F2 Comments: "grainy, watered-down"PRICE (3)- pricey ($6.50-$7.00 for each drink mentioned above)
This is typical quick and friendly service Starbucks location. They facility is clean and they have free wifi, so it is a nice place to pop in and get some work done. I've never had issues when ordering in the store; however, they frequently mix up orders if you order through the drive through. Just be sure to double check your pastry or sandwich order is correct! And of course, the holiday season always brings pumpkin spice. The pumpkin chai is amazing!
Loved the server and California chicken club was filling, bit overpriced but would go back again
Hmm, it is what it is. It's an okay Mexican fast food joint with a decent selection. I consider the food bland, but you can doctor it up with the sauces on the side bar area. The food is cheap and made fresh on the spy, so it's a notch above taco bell. The place was clean even though I went at what consider a busy time (lunch). I'll come back the next time I want something fresh and cheap, but not because the flavors are great.
Best Dim Sum in the East Valley. Try to get there as early as 11AM for fresh and full cart of Dim Sum. If you go there late there won't be much left. I love baked bbq pork buns. Custard buns are great too, more custard than flours! Love it! Service can be slow on the weekends due to the big crowds.
Located inside Planet Hollywood, around the corner from the Starbucks. This fancy "diner" matches the rest of the Urban Hip decor of this Casino Hotel.The food is pretty good here. Service was not too bad. The Waiter was friendly & attentive, but slow....like was the kitchen located at the other end of the Vegas Strip? The food is pricey, but Hubby used his Reward Card points to pay for the meal...which was almost as much as eating at a BUFFET!!!
First try and I took the cashier's recommendation, the #6 and it was fresh and tasty. It is a little on the expensive side and the meal will sit with you a while, but it is a nice alternative to the big fast food burger joints.
Great place for fresh produce and the occasional 2 kg pack of rice. They also have a great selection in dried goods like lentils and beans, halumi cheese, olives, oils...all a bit more exotic and less expensive then an ordinary grocery store.It is simply fun to shop there and get inspired to try something new.
FYI -- the map location is a bit misleading.  The actual course is at Kenneth J Sims Park in Euclid, OH, just north of where the map shows it.Great 18-hole disc golf course.  Official 'holes' are setup with relatively good course markings.  Arguably the first few holes are the best as they run along the beach and include nice grassy fairways surrounded by trees on either side.  Once you get to the back 9 you end up with more 'field holes' where there is no distinct shape to the fairway.  A few of the holes are in heavily wooded areas so bring a spare disk or be prepared to hunt.
If you want a Philly cheesesteak - this is the place to go. No where in the surrounding area will you get closer to the real thing. Only reason for four stars instead of five is the roll is not 100% what you would get in the Philadelphia area. The service was fast and friendly and the cheesesteak was delicious. They put onions and peppers on their steak- which I did not have as the onion/pepper is not on a typical philly steak in philly ... so can't comment on those but they have the steak and cheese down pat! Great place to go for a cheesesteak
Beautiful place. With lots of pedicure stations, a big round nail station and even a private pedicure room. I like my holiday nails, however a better filing job could have been done. Extra gel on the side of a few nails.
I love this place. Love the little stores, bars, restaraunts, outdoor movie nights, Whole Foods, etc. I just wish thr parking was better.
Always good food and atmosphere! The staff is super chill and friendly...the patio is a great spot to do a little day drinking! Must get the donut holes as an appetizer when going for brunch...
this place has a great vibe. i love how cozy and hip it feels at the same time. my house-made granola with almond milk was yummy and my husband said his egg, cheese,  and bacon breakfast sandwich was delicious. i also got the karme latte and my husband got the mocha. i thought it was strange that they only do one size on the espresso drinks but i can see why considering the cute mugs they use. the only caveat is the menu is very limited and it doesn't say that soy or almond milk is available even though they offer both. it'd be nice to see those options listed on the menu.
Chill when it ain't busy, raucous when it's full - a good little joint. The highlight for me is Jade at the oxygen bar. She's a real sweetheart, and loves to help people relax from the Vegas madness. The flare show directly after Mystere gets out is worth taking a look at, especially if Nico is doing his thing.
We love coming here! Most of the people are great- but occasionally you find the one nutcase or helicopter dog-mom, etc- but that's with any dog park. The enclosures are large and well-maintained... But watch out after rain as it gets pretty muddy. Also, in the peak of summer there is oftentimes algae buildup in the water... Wish there was a way to fix that- then it would be PERFECT.
$27.99/person weekday. One of the better AYCE in the area.- Good stuff: tataki, sashimi (especially the stuff on weekends only), beef skewers, mango roll, golden shrimp, salmon roses, sirloin steak, mango yogurt- Torched sushi - OK (not outstanding) - Pressed sushi - meh (rice too soft and warm, fish to rice ratio not good)- Sashimi - Good (fresh but thickness of slices are inconsistent)- Better selection of cooked food than other AYCE- Cold soba noodles is neat to try but taste-wise was OK- Desserts are average tasting but a wider selection than other AYCE (except their mango yogurt which is outstanding compared to others)On average, the service was good but some stuff came out slower than others. Can get very busy. Will continue visiting Matsuda :)
I once walked by this place and dismissed it because it looked boring from the outside. I wholeheartedly regret that decision after coming here during my burger binge week visit!! They were offering the Smokehouse burger for $5 for the Yelp GTA Burger Week, and at an original price of $13.50 it was such a goood deeaaaal. It had caramelized onions, peppercorn sauce and smoked cheddar. For me the peppercorn sauce was the star of the burger. So flavourful without being overpowering or salty, the sauce really brought the whole burger together for me. I also really like the fresh veggies in the burger for the simple fact that they actually tasted really fresh and made me feel less guilty about the state of my narrowing arteries. The buns were also awesome and did not dissolve into messy oblivion with the peppercorn sauce!The #bestbossever also treated me to some sweet potato fries to share and THEY WERE THE BOMB! Sooooo crispy on the outside, and the sauce that came with it also had the perfect kick of cinnamon and spice to compliment the taste of the sweet potato. I intend on coming back to try more of their burgers, sides, and oh yea they apparently do great wings too. So yea. I basically have to come back for everything!
i enjoy pizza hut but I personally dont like the oversized chicken and I know its not them but all i ordered was chicken but the kids loved the pizza and the mild chicken. they were 5,7, & 2.
I've liked Blue Martini ever since it opened, but the visits have been few and far between, because it's pretty far away from where I live.  But we were invited to a private party, so who can resist unlimited free booze and food??  Servers were very efficient, and we never had to wait very long to give a drink order or get the drink.  Lots of different appetizers were served, finger foods that were mostly fried.  Pigs in blankets, mini crab cakes, and a host of others that were tasty.  Though I usually don't order them, I couldn't resist, since this was dinner for us. There were plenty of tables for seating.An excellent cover band was playing, but unfortunately I never did get their name.  Good music, and the girl singer had a great voice.Great evening at Blue Martini, and hope not to stay away as long!
Oh yes - yes and yes. Come for the banana walnut muffin (even if you don't think you'd like that) and stay for probably anything else. Maybe a 4 egg omelette or scramble or somesuch? Really, just wading through the menu is almost enough entertainment by itself. It just boils down to the simple question: What do you want?!I almost got several other things, but took a little coaching from our very capable server and opted for the Crazy Chicken Omelette. There's guac and mushrooms and sliced chicken breast inside, with jack cheese on top. I went easy on the cheese, asked and got a side of jalapeños, and was in heaven. Very satisfying and not too heavy. I asked for the sour cream on the side; no problem. And with many of the entrees, like this one, you're guaranteed to get the seasoned potatoes -- which may seem a little too perfectly symmetrical to fully trust, but dang, they're good. Not too spicy nor salty, but still with a pleasant kick.This location is plenty big, but doesn't feel like a barn. You may wait a minute or two for a table - but generally, it's looks like they're very accommodating and will make things work pretty quickly. The kids menu is crazy reasonable, and for the grown-ups, it's not bad, either. Lots to try, lots to enjoy (the pancakes look great; and the taste from one of our's Denver was outstanding). Really, I think you'd be cool with just about anything here. Even the coffee is above expectations -- it's fresh with a good simple flavor.
WOW never realize this was a happening fun place in TI (Treasure Island). Group of my friends and I decided to hit up this place because of Travelzoo deal of 6 blended drinks for $29. All the staff there seem to enjoy what they do and they serve drinks with flare. They also have club music playing at night with a live dj and dance floor.
This is a great place for a healthy meal.  I usually get the Mother Earth bowl with either chicken or salmon.  The Mother Earth comes with ancient grains, sweet potato, avocado and a few other ingredients.  It really is delicious and the serving is large so recently I've been taking some of it home for another meal.I also really like their juices and teas. I usually mix a green tea with the lemonade.The cashier and servers are always super nice.
Came in during lunch. Pretty busy inside but nice atmosphere has a really nice patio seating area. Got the garlic knots as an appetizer very good! Got the margarita pizza with sausage on it super yummy!
Last Saturday my boyfriend and I discovered the Noodles Ranch (that's what she said!) The Noodles Ranch is located on the Southeast corner of Thomas and Scottsdale Road in the Albertson's shopping center. From the outside it looks much like any other strip mall - hole - in -the -wall restaurant but from he inside it's quite apparent that this restaurant has a lot more character than most. The decor is what you would expect from a Vietnamese restaurant but with a more modern and upscale twist. The music that was playing while we dined was extremely relaxing and made the experience that much more pleasant. I was even really impressed with the presentation of the food and the dishware. I love the dishes that look (even if they aren't) hand glazed with deep rich blue hues (with all their bubbly imperfections). The food itself was extremely satisfying as well. Both my boyfriend and I shared an egg roll appetizer (we debated between this and the spring rolls which also sounded quite tempting). The egg rolls came with fresh lettuce (to wrap them in) along with freshly chopped carrots, cucumbers, sprouts, a special sauce with a bit of a tang to it. For the main course we both ordered a bowl of the chicken Pho with broccoli and bok choy. Pure deliciousness. I'm a huge fan of Pho and often go to Saigon Nites up in Scottsdale with my coworkers every couple weeks but I thought Noodles Ranch offered a product that was far superior (especially with the slight twist to such a traditional plate with the addition of bok choy and broccoli). The appetizer wasn't much more than $5.95 and the bowls of soup themselves were about $7-8. An overall very good value for all the food you get. The bowls of Pho were HUGE but I did notice on the menu that you can add more noodles (the restaurant namesake) for $1.00. I was also feeling a bit under the weather that day and I think Pho was just what I needed to clear out the sinuses. Nothing a bit of chili paste, hoisin sauce, and some steeping jalapeno peppers can't cure! I will definitely be keeping this place in mind next time I'm in the mood for a quick bite of asian cuisine, and it's so close to my house!
The menu here is limited, they only serve beef and mainly pork for their BBQ and also have a few other dishes. The bbq came with lettuce and green onions which was a great way to make yourself a mini lettuce roll. Ordered both beef choices and the pork belly. The beef was great but the pork was something left to be desired. With your order they give complimentary side dishes, a nice bean sprout soup and a steamed egg dish. Personally I have had better steamed egg dishes, because I found this one to be very soya sauce heavy. But their other side dishes were phenomenal especially the pickled radishes. The servers are extremely nice and attentive. This place gives a more grungy kind of feel with cute cartoon pieces and vinyl record decor, and the chairs almost look like upside down garbage can barrels while their bbq rests on top of a larger barrel. Overall great experience, just wish they had more of a selection. Would definitely come back when and if in the area but not as a destination.
The food here was great!We had tuna tar tar app, 5/5Then spicy ribs and tuna pizza. Both great. He ribs fell off the bone. Dessert was this flaming hot choc thing that was awesome!Def come and enjoy top notch sushi and sake in a beautiful setting!!
I got to watch WVU & Pens in the same room. The smell of bleach made me realize two things. The place is clean & the Southside is still the Southside. I loved it.
I had a rough experience immediately after eating here.. not because the food or service was bad, but because the servers are super generous with the Bottomless Mimosas/Bellineis/BloodyMarys. hahaFOOD:We came here for brunch and started right off with the Mimosas, Bellinis, and Bloody Mary's. The bartender and our server were very quick at refilling for us.. bottomless indeed!The Perch Burger was okay.. flavor was good, very simple, juicy patty, but could have used a fried egg in it.The Steak & Egg Tacos were delicious.. the avocado mouse gave it an interesting flavor. AMBIANCE:A fun, lively vibe during brunch. It's located in a cool spot at Container Park that matches the overall atmosphere of the area.SERVICE:Awesome staff! Everyone was welcoming and friendly. We didn't have a reservation and came in during a busy time.. the manager tried really hard to get us in as quickly as possible. Awesome!TIPS:Definitely include the bottomless drinks but be careful, you might end up running straight into the casino afterwards and winning money without knowing it! haha :)
This is our first review after a few visits to Joe's. Every time food has been pretty exceptional. However, the only disappointing thing is both times I came for the portobello mushroom sandwich they were out of mushrooms. The grilled ahi tuna is fantastic and I would highly recommend it.
Their yogurt is some of the best in town! They offer a variety of awesome flavors, all of which taste great. The yogurt has a really good creamy texture too. Yum.Unlike some other yogurt places, they don't limit the number of those cute little sample cups, which is awesome. I know its a minor detail, but it really does matter!!! After sampling a few, I went with the Irish Mint. It was so good!My only complaint, and I can see past this, is their topping setup was a little messy. Some of the bins I wanted to use were empty. Usually froyo places are on top of this. Anyway, this place is bomb!
Expensive, yes. But I found titles just not available anywhere else in the city and I visited EVERY vinyl store over the 5 days I was in TO this summer. I will be back here again.
I went here once for a DJ night and love love loved the place. Not just because of beer selection, not just because the staff were friendly and nice, and not just because everyone there was so fun.The bar itself has a great setup, lots of room, and feels like a cozy bar home. Love the name, love the decor, love everything about it.And I didn't even know they had brunch! Sounds exciting.The only downfall: I'm usually too lazy to go all the way up to Bloor. Yes, I know that is supremely lazy. But I sense I will be coming back. For brunch and brunch cocktails.
this was actually really good....some of the best food I had in Vegas this entire trip. It was a tad pricey for alcohol, $11 for sangria (although, it was a pint)....and $15 for a salad with no meat (I assumed they would knock a couple bucks off for not wanting the meat). So the entire thing with tax and tip was $34. So i was a tad shocked.But...the service was fantastic. Super nice and helpful. And the salad was amazing. Tortialla shells on the bottom, with guacamole, lettuce, onion, tomato, avocado and beans.  Delish. Definitely could have used more beans, however. Overall it was a good experience, but like everything in Vegas...a tad pricey.
Update: They did fix the problem to make my mom's car start. But I had also asked them to check everything else and they said it looked good. Within the following week, her car battery died. She was also leaking a lot of brake fluid and had to have all of the brake lines replaced.  I wish I would have been given a heads up about these things as well. Autozone replaced the cat battery and the brakes were fixed somewhere else.
When you have three kids under 10 and a 4 month old (Aunt duty), cooking dinner is the last thing on your mind. At least for the inexperienced over here lol. I wanted to try something new, so I found the closest NY pizza place to my house. Ordered two large pizzas with garlic balls (12) and was happy with the order. The pizza was made perfect. My only complaint is that I had to wait even when I arrived over thirty minutes past the time given for the food to be ready.
The food is beautiful! This little hole in the wall restaurant is a wonderful surprise. I've been there several times now. Heart value for the money. So far over had the Al Pastor, Barbacoa and Carnitas de Pancita. All flavorful meals in generous portions. For dessert we've had the Tres Leches (our favorite) and the Pastel Impossible (quite good).I've been there on date nights and with groups.My only complaint; and it's a silly way to ruin such a great experience, you order extra tostadas, they never arrive but are there on the bill. This has happened about three times now.   The last time, we asked three times for an order of tostadas which never came. However the bill had us down for three orders of tostadas. When we told our server, we were completely shot down and were told we had to pay. It was only a couple of bucks but the experience left a poor taste. So, we no longer order extra tostadas. Other than that, the food and price are well worth it.
This former Mervyn's store in a strip mall was our first stop on Black Friday shopping last year. (My MIL lives in the area. So we start here and work our way up to the Boulevard Mall.) We were about number 50 or so in the line, at the door. So, it was funny when we saw our friends in the number 1 position. Small world, huh? It was a little crazy, but that is how it is on Black Friday. We ended up with some good deals- we looked at the circulars the night before, so we were prepared. The Kohl's Cash promotion was also motivation to shop here. Spend $50, get $10 in Kohl's Cash- specified dates. The line to pay was pretty long, but this is another thing to expect. If you're smart, you'll have one person in line, another to do the shopping, and switch off- it's a system. I bet we'll be back again for Black Friday shopping this year- just around the corner.The store was organized, nice displays, and had a good offering of merchandise- surprisingly. (Considering the last time we were in this store, we were there for the Going Out Of Business sale- Mervyn's, which was sad- I shopped there as a kid for "Back to School".)We also came over last weekend for an exchange. The selection of Keurig K cups (single coffee brew) was much better than the other one (Blue Diamond): Dark Chocolate Hot Cocoa, Milk Chocolate Hot Cocoa, Raspberry Black Tea, French Roast, Caribou Blend, etc. I mean there were full racks of this stuff. The ladies at the Customer Service Desk were very nice and helpful. It was a quick trip.
Had their pizza, that was awesome.  It was one loaded up with stuff that I can't remember, but it was fab.Went back tonight and was a tad disappointed in what came with the gyro platter.  Some good places that I've been to put a little medley of things, which it had but was just olives, and those green things that end in cini.  There's a place in Seattle that I have yet to find which compares.  These guys put rice, hummus, feta, olives, tzatziki, and a small greek salad on the side which you can make an awesome wrap with!  And there was more portion for the same price. The meat was good, and everything was good, but I won't order that again.  Seattle's ruined me.  If you are ever in Seattle, you must go to Mr. Gyro's.  I will confidently say that you will not find anyone who makes them better, if so, you got damn lucky!
Seems to be the best Sushi for the price that I have had here in Phoenix.  The restaurant itself is not so special, strip mall special, but the food and service were more than fine.  We had a native Japanese friend with us and she spoke favorably of the items she tried.
Call me a bit biased but I LOVE Scottsdale stadium. The home of my beloved San Francisco Giants spring training site. The prices to catch game are little pricer than the other spring training stadiums but WELL worth it. The food is pretty good, for ball park food. The guy who shouts "lemonade lemonade like grandma made." Is everyone's favorite vender. So many memories have been made here over the years. However I do have to say the seating is horrible. More than half of the seats are bleacher seating and there are hardly any shady seats. We had bleacher seats this last time out there but ended up sitting in the grass for a time and then leaving early because it was just TOO DAM HOT... here's to hoping they work on the shade situations or add misters to the bleacher seats. Other down fall to these bleachers unlike ones at other stadiums is My husband has long legs and the bleacher seats have zero leg room. His knees end up on the person's back in front of him. I'd rather not be packed in like a sardine either. I will be going back for another game soon, but hope that they make some changes for the fans that love to watch their winning team keep winning. go Giants!
Most things I have tried on the menu are very tasty.  There are plenty of big screens to watch sporting events.  You have to get there before noon for lunch if you are in a hurry, else, you can sit back and enjoy the atmosphere.
yummy.  koobideh Kebob is my favorite.  I always add an extra skewer to my combo.   I come here all the times and food is fresh and dslcious for rrasinavle price. my only complain is they always forget the crispy rice on take outs. .. I never realized until I get home ~___~
I found this on Yelp, and love the food here so much that even though it's off the beaten track for me, I often try to bail off the 401 while on roadtrips just to go eat here.I'm vegetarian, and their veggie wrap, for the money, is one of the best.  There is also a pretty fabulous potato bread (bolani), which, although you have to call ahead if you want it to arrive while you are eating the rest of your food, is wonderful.They also do a good job of managing rushes by pre-prepping trays etc., but because a lot  of the food is prepped when you order it, expect a bit of a wait.
First stop in Madison to grab a quick bite at the hotel and the view was totally worth it!  The restaurant itself was nothing to write home about, but overall it was a good experience. the staff was very friendly which I'm a big fan of. It was a gorgeous afternoon and perfect time to arrive and get a seat outside on the water (3pm-ish) to enjoy the end of the season's sun! Good variety of music, nothing nautical based, which I do love listening to when I'm eating and drinking outside on the water in the summer, but that's not for everyone..I got the Louis salad with fresh shrimp and crab meat. Light, refreshing, and perfect to hold me over..(for now). I also enjoyed a Leinenkugel's Octoberfest..trying to ease into the fall..Overall, it was a good first impression of Madison! Thank you!Lindsey
My go-to spot whenever I'm craving chicken and rice (since Halal Guys is too far) and it always hits the spot! The chicken on the rocks is my all time favourite, with little spice (their hot sauce is super spicy!!) and extra garlic sauce. Wish this place was around when I went to school right by this plaza!
I actually like Pittsburgh Rare. I went with a couple of friends one evening for a good dinner before we left for our summer break/internships our junior year. The restaurant is really big and is located in the Sheraton. When you first order, they bring over a plate of raw meat and describe each piece on it and tell you what you're looking at and how they cook it. It's actually really cool. I ended up getting a nice 20 oz porterhouse with a side of sauteed spinach. Another got the pork chops while the other 2 got the New York strip.For appetizers, I got the French Onion Soup. Oh. This restaurant has a special way to cook the meat if you want to try something new. It's called Pittsburgh Rare where the meat is "flash seared and charred on the outside and blood red on the inside." It's actually not very hot in the middle. Since the restaurant is named Pittsburgh Rare, I figured, why not, give it a shot. It was suprisingly not bad at all. The french onion soup was delicious. The way a french onion soup should  be tasted and the creamed spinach was very good. The total tab was about $100 / person because we also got desert and 2 bottles of wine.
While planning my Vegas trip I subscribed to the Groupon e-mails to see what kind of deals I could find.  I was hoping for more food deals than I found, but was lucky enough to come across the deal for Mystery Adventures!  My husband and I joined a group at the "inn" the evening that we arrived in Vegas.  There were three other parties participating, giving us a total of 12 for the evening.  To start, we signed a few things and were told the rules and then the story began.  A mystery was presented to us then we traveled to the next location to search for clues.  It took us to a third location which was done up fantastically!  They really worked the locations into a good mystery.  Our group worked well together and with a little assistance from our driver (Joe, I think his name was) we solved the mystery!  There were drinks and snacks available to us on the bus and we got a certificate and prize at the end.  This was something fun and off the beaten path to do in Vegas and I would definitely recommend it and maybe even try it again on my next visit, and with a new mystery to solve!
i was SOOOO excited to see this little shop by the owner of Frances Vintage. I love love love the decor...the outside, the inside, the counter, the bags, the awnings....I was really hoping for C A N D Y and lots of it...I didnt get that..mostly expensive novelty items  that I was not in the market for..the candy I did see was mostly the kind I could pick up anywhere. They had some original birthday party favors like vintage pin the tail on the donkey game and custom made birthday hats. I really like the shop I could spend hours LOOKING around but Iam hoping for more candy please.....
The Hampton in Gilbert, AZ is a very nice, modern hotel.  We had a king suite which was a room with a king bed and pull out couch.  Our room was big and beautiful, but it was not two separate rooms as you might think a suite would be.  Still, it was really nice.  The breakfast was good with eggs, sausage, potatoes, waffles, oatmeal and more.  I would definitely stay there again.
Good food (the seared tuna was tasty), fair prices (especially for Vegas) and they show the UFC fights on multiple screens with no cover (you just have to buy $25 worth of food or drink per person, which is about what i would have spent anyway).Nice servers and it's a chill atmosphere.
I'd say Hilton LV was a solid 3.5 star for the price. Pros:Just 10 mins from the stripgood view of the stripclose to downtownnot much trafficcheap food in the areaCons:monorail is $5 per trip or 12 per day - takes forever to walk over to the entrance$4 waterssmall pool and weak gambling areacrappy shower and bathroom
I'm a fan of Bobby Flay, so while I was in Las Vegas, I decided to give Mesa Grill a try. Located inside of Caesar's Palace, right next to their sports book. We made reservations and were seated after waiting for a few minutes for them to get our table ready. We walked right by the bar on our way to our table, and they had a nice selection of bottles to choose from on the wall. I had a great first impression of Mesa Grill and the ambience was very positive and upscale.Our waiter mentioned that their specialty drink is a margarita, so we were sure to try their white peach margarita, and it was very good.I ordered the Lamb Porterhouse Chops and my wife ordered the Pork Tenderloin. WOW. That was the first thing that I came to mind when I tried my lamb. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly and was absolutely phenomenal. My wife let me try her pork tenderloin and it was amazing as well. You can't go wrong with either choice! We both left Mesa Grill feeling very content and our stomachs were happy too!Great restaurant! I would definitely eat here again.
Love Cleveland airport Very efficient people movers for an airport. Valet parking guys are awesome and care for your vehicle and have it there on time.NIce and small AND great signs to get you where you need to be and even though I'm from Slippery Rock Pa and Pittsburgh Int is closer I always chose Cleveland * price is right !!!!
Have had a mani pedi and shellac done here many times, they girls are all very sweet and friendly. I always can tell when its done well when my shellac lasts for 3 weeks! Coco does a fantastic job too! They are usually pretty flexible to fit you in last minute as well.
Great sandwiches! Comparable to the chain across the street, but better and cheaper. The deliver is always fast. I go with the max'd out sandwich most of the time, with thinly shredded lettuce, tomato, onion, oil and vinegar, and mayo. So much yes! If you want a good, fresh sandwich come here. The meat isn't sliced til you order!
We were thrilled to get a last minute reservation on Valentines Day. Our experience started off with our incredible server-wish I could remember his name! He was knowledgable about the menu and his recommendations were spot on to each of our tastes.We started with the zucchini fritters. They were unique in that they had cheese inside but could have used a bit more seasoning--but nothing that the delicious aioli couldn't fix!For my main I ordered the sweet potato tortelli. It was a dish that intrigued me from the menu and our server recommended it as well. It was good but in my opinion could have used sage to give the dish more flavor. My husband got the short ribs stew which he raved about. The cornbread that came with the stew was so good, not too dry and just enough kick from the peppers inside. We finished with dessert which were perfectly portioned. We split the cheesecake which was to die for and the chocolate cake that was great as well.
Tomo has great ambience and great food, however my only complaint which seems to be a problem every time I visit is their service is horrible! One time we waited for  15 minutes after being seated for our drink order. A few days ago our waitress was very nice, however she completely forgot half of our order. And when reminded she still didn't come back with everything, so we told her again. I understand things get hectic, but this seems to be a reoccurring problem, even when they are completely dead.. But again, great food, which is why we keep coming back..
I landed in Las Vegas at the ugly hour of 6:55 a.m. By 7:45 a.m., I was at Egg Works. Upon walking in, you wonder if you might suffer food poisoning later. The decor is pretty run down, the layout isn't very pretty. But oh my gosh, I had the best waitress ever. She was wonderful.I ordered a mimosa, I was given an individual size bottle of champagne, along with a glass of orange juice, so I could make my own cocktail as strong as I wanted to, without anyone raising an eyeball at me beginning my day of drinking at such an early hour.The service was outstanding. The food comes in pretty large portions, and wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was hot and good. I had french toast, eggs, hash browns, and bacon. And of course, my beautiful mimosa. My companion had chicken fried steak with potatoes and gravy.  Both dishes were yummy. The menu is varied, so even if you are a picky eater, you will find something that makes you happy. When you go, ask for Melinda. She's awesome. I'd add more descriptive words. But someone stole my thesaurus, which is bad. Very bad. Yes, bad.P.S. - Melinda, if you are reading this, and I know you told me you check Yelp every now and again - I hope you won the $100 prize for your Halloween costume!
Being from California and mostly attending clubs in the strip, this was a perfect change of scenery. It's not that big and it's located in a town shopping center which means free parking and plenty of it. Came to celebrate NYE with my friend and her cousin.  What I like about this place is the ambiance and it's locals. You don't get that stuck up crowd that you find when you go to club in the strip who think their butts don't stink. The service was pretty good.  50 bucks and free drinks till 10 sounds like my kind of place for NYE. The drinks are strong which is perfect if you're looking to get your buzz on.  I recommend the cosmopolitan and the lemon drop. The band is great and the DJ even better. I may just have to try to book my birthday here.
I just recently moved into a one bedroom apartment here at elevation on central. I had been searching for the perfect community for quite some time and when I toured elevations I knew this was the place for me! It is brand new and absolutely gorgeous for one! The leasing office staff is always helpful, happy, and accommodating to me and my family. The area around elevations is filled with locally known family owned restaurants, ice cream shops, and coffee shops. Lastly, and for most important i always feel safe in my apartment as well as in the parking garage area while walking to my place. All I can say is that I am beyond happy that I chose to live here! if you decide on elevation on central you won't be disappointed!update!!!!July 7th, 2017i am updating my review because much has changed here at elevations after graystar sold to pillars. the management team is MUCH different than when i moved in, not for the better. i was not concerned with safety at all when i first moved in because i had never run into anyone or anything shady and things seemed to be secure. however, when i came into the building about 3 months ago and their was a poster posted on the doors notifying residents of an assault on property i was shocked! apparently, the intruder came in through a breeched exterior door. since then i have obviously been a lot more cautious and alert. the most recent scare happened about 4 weeks ago when my fiancé and i were approached in the parking garage by a man yelling at us to let him in the building. i hated to be the apartment  police, but we didn't feel comfortable letting him in knowing that if he did really live here like he said he did, then he would know to go down to the leasing office and get a new key. it just didn't seem right so we told him we were sorry and to go down to the leasing office which he was NOT HAPPY about. we then got cussed at and flipped off as we exiting the parking garage and all the out onto highland as we tried to make a left onto camelback. i could not believe we were being verbally accosted in our own living space that we pay high dollar for. i then called elevations to let them know what had happened just in case the person was planning on repatriating and they didn't seem to care. after reading some of the other reviews, i cant help but to agree. it is really sad to read my previous review when i first moved in and see how i was obviously happy here. you would think pillars would care enough to fix the wrongs and help keep their residents feel safe and happy here. in the end, we are the ones who keep their units rented, yet they don't seem to care.UPDATE! august 14th, 2017after taking about a month to tour and look around at the latest and greatest apartments in the central and downtown phoenix area, it became very clear that for the price, square footage, location, and amenities, elevations is definitely the best bang for your buck in this area. the more toward scottsdale you go, the more $$ you will pay for less. I know that in my last review i was very disappointed in the level of security at elevations, however, since touring many other communities and making security one of my main questions, it appears that every other community has the same level of security if not less than elevations has to offer. as far as square footage for base rent, elevations has the best deal including a private parking space that is no extra charge. I looked and looked long and hard trying to find something better but, truth being told, i couldn't justify all of the headaches of moving for something not significantly better. long story short, i have decided to stay at elevations and since then i feel great about my choice and could not be happier here! after lowering my stars to 3 star, i am bringing it back up to 4 star now. no community is perfect, but elevations is very good for price & location!
I like it overall. The quality matches the price.
I don't have much to say about this place except that it's cheap and it's good! I stumbled in here one night with a friend when we were craving sushi, and we weren't disappointed. We did have to wait a while for a table, but service was quick and polite.I ordered the deluxe bento box for $8 and it was almost more than can I eat (which is saying something for me ;) ) I'll definitely be back!
We walked in off the streets on a September night to find some of the nicest and most accommodating people in the world!I've only been able to slurp Gerber banana custard for days and they have me an experience of a lifetime.They suggested lobster Mac and cheese and Saliva was dripping down my chin onto my friend's lap... Then it came... The cheesiest and most delicious lobster Mac and cheese I've ever had! I couldn't eat the salad because of my surgery and they were happy to accommodate me and bring mash potatoes and gravy.Highly recommend to all.
I'm surprised this place go such bad reviews. I had a great experience here, but I was also visiting during a weekday. On a Thursday afternoon, this place is pretty much all yours. We sat outside by the huge WestGate fountains, which is always entertaining to watch on a sunny afternoon.The staff was friendly, the restaurant was pretty awesome (of course) and the food was great! I had the Cuban Sandwich and it was probably one of the best ones I've had. Though it is a little pricey, the portions are huge! So expect to get filled up.
Came up to Cleveland with a good friend of mine and my girlfriend but didnt arrive until 1:30am and had no idea where to go to drink, most of the bars in the area were ID'ing at the door and were filled with people wall to wall which isn't what we're into at all, but we spotted this bar that wasn't overly occupied (visibly through the windows) so we stopped in. We ended up staying until it closed, they had decent prices for the city on shots and beers. They have a deal of 5 beers for $15. Apparently they have food as well but we weren't able to get any due to the kitchen already being closed. Met a few people who had been to our home town before which was cool. This is a nice chill bar with a calm atmosphere and nobody getting all rowdy, from this experience anyways.
Upscale southwest themed restaurant. Service was excellent and included great little touches for a memorable experience. The food is southwestern with a touch of French influence. You won't find tacos and enchiladas, instead think American fine dining flavored with chili's. And tamales or corn on the side. Dessert was delicious! I also recommend the peach margarita. Tip: some of the tables face the hotel sports bar and the tv's take away from the restaurant atmosphere.
This pizza was very flavorful!  We got an all meat one and we were not disappointed.  We got back to our room at Excalibur at around 11:45 after seeing Britney Spears.  We were starving and decided to call this place.  It was delivered in 45 minutes.  Not bad.  It tasted home-made, and the delivery man was a nice man.  I lived everything about our experience, except for the fact that the woman on the phone who took my order was short in her words, giving me a bit of attitude.  That's the only reason I am not giving a 5-star rating.
Best place to get quick food, especially if you work around the area.Their combo comes with rice and 3 side dishes that you can pick. I like their popcorn chicken combo the most, usually I get a combo without a rice (so you will get additional side dish).Missing one star since they used to give a chinese soup (and now they increase the price and no more soup *sad*) and average service during rush hour.
Two Words: Frozen CosmosYou need no other motivation to go to Harris' (although, the food and service is good too)
Great food an really cool atmosphere . Started with flatbread an soup! Had the salmon cooked just perfect with delicious avocado topping. Little confusing where to go when you walk in an service little confusing as to who our waiter was. But believe the chef took our order an his recommendations were on point .
We came here for my lovely gal's birthday dinner and I was overjoyed to learn that the place had a Japanese flair to their menu. And if anyone knows me, they know I have a sick addiction to edamame. Sick. This place didn't make that addiction any better whatsoever with their delicious garlic stuff, but it definitely hit the spot good. And that's just soybeans, I'm not even talking about the awesome meat! We chose the brisket, the filet mignon, the pork belly, just about anything and everything; all were delicious! All decently priced. They give you 3 different sauces to dip your protein in- there's like a ponzu tangy one, a house special one, and a spicier version of the house special- which I preferred- cause I loooove spicy. Only thing that was so-so for me was their steamed egg. It's one of my favorite things to eat when I go out to eat Korean BBQ and I was just a little disappointed considering everything else was so good. But if anything try some of their gyoza. Deeeeee freakin licious! Service was good and the room we got was pretty awesome. I'll be back for sure.
New owners and did a little reno to make it more of a clean brighter look.The sign noted it was a Japanese, Korean and China restaurant.When we were seated... we were handed the Japanese/ China menu.We came for Korean... the previously great portion and great tasking black bean noodles.When we were abbout to leave and stated we were specifically here for korean... there was another menu which wss not presented... as the waiter thought we wouldnt understand it.Nonetheless, we were happy to see our dish was available.The portion was larger than previous owners and it tasted great!Price was bang on too!Very happy with the dish!Their tempura app was a bit pricey bit the veggie pieces were big so we couldnt complain.It was ok tasting.Small dining area... but we had no issues getting seated.Their main menu was very hard to read... with pages like light pink background off white fonts... they need to make their menu more legible.  Prices for sushi items very a bit on the higher side too.Owners of this place are Chinese.
One day we were really bored and wanted to try a new gay bar for an afternoon drink.  This place was close to another favorite bar of ours, so we figured we'd give it a try.We walked in and Jakob, the bartender, was very friendly.  He instantly remembered our names.  He also makes the best margaritas.We have returned a few times since then, but Jakob only works weekends.  The crowd is friendly and the drinks are strong.Overall, this is a great neighborhood unpretentious bar.
Somehow we were miraculously seated right away on Labor Day.  Our server, TJ promptly greeted us and got us our waters and my ice tea.  Our orders were taken and the hot bread arrived.  Salads followed shortly afterwards.  TJ was on fire! Our meal arrived after a short wait I ordered the filet with a grilled lobster tail.  everything was cooked as requested.  Tea refilled!  This was a positive experience thanks to the fact TJ was attentive and our meal was cooked appropriately
I live in what might possibly be one of the finest cities for sushi in the US....yep, Los Angeles (Feel free to argue or debate this point with me and then tell me where to go, cuz I am a sushi ho!). Specifically, I live in Studio City; the home of sushi row, the land of sashimi wonderment and the prime pallate real estate that holds faves like Asanebo, Nozawa and Iroha. So imagine the pressure my co-worker, Gabi K, was under to find a sushi place worthy of my snobby and know-it-all sushi taste buds.She chose Yasu and dammit, she chose well! I thoroughly enjoyed the tasty treats we had here last night and I would definitely come back if I lived here. I really liked the hamachi with jalapeno. It was a little light on the ginger sauce, but still very good. We also tried the tuna carpaccio that mixed walnuts with it. Very different and very good. We also tried one of the featured scallop specials that was good, but a little too heavy on the scallions for my taste. I wanna taste the scallops and they got a little lost in the onion madness. We also tried the shishito peppers, good, but a really small portion and the eggplant. Oh and I can't forget to mention the miso-marinated black cod. Very deelish.Definitely check it out. The atmosphere is nice and charming, the service is attentive and helpful and they serve a nice Pinot Grigio to boot. Good times :)
All reviews are based on price point....Needed a long walk in the early evening to brush off the long, hard days in the office.  Ended up here because we have been eating large, expensive dinners and this place was a lunch choice on another visit and we enjoyed our food.A bowl of well made potatoe soup and a plate of pasta, shrimp, lemon, and spinach was the choices.  The soup was very good, hot, and pureed vs lumpy, sometime cheesy, potatoe soup. The pasta fish was very well made.  I was clear to the preparer that less dressing is nearly always better and she deftly made the sauce just to the right proportion.I am not sure if you can beat the prices in the downtown, make that uptown, area.Kinda Italian semi fast food that is well prepared.  A good combination!
Good yummy healthy vegan food!
Was looking for a neighborhood local eatery. Was in the mood for Greek food. Found this place. It was exactly what I was looking for. Relaxed, quaint, traditional family owned spot. Great food. Started with a Greek beer,  ordered the Greek meat sauce pasta and added chicken as was recommended by George. George was great. He basically guided me through my dinning experience.  Salad was crisp and dressed well. Pita bread is awesome!! Entree was great, very solid. Again, George  recommended the baklava cheesecake, wow. Can go toe to toe with the butter cake at drinkwaters... That is saying a lot. Over all very very solid. This is a great family owned authentic Greek restaurant!!
The hubby and I were in Cleveland to visit the Rock and roll hall of fame and thought we'd stop by here on our way home. Fun little thing to check out. It's $10 a person. The day we went it was self guided only, which I was bummed about, I'd liked to of learned a bit more history. Also free parking is hard to come by. We ended up paying $10 to park next to the house. I actually didn't mind. It was cold and I didn't have to walk far!
Great cafe inside the casino for some late night cravings. Hot dog, nachos, sandwhiches, salads and even some really delicious desserts.Located next to the bar and some slots, your never really too far from anything.
Yummm love their sandwiches especially number 11! It's cheap And sooo good and fills u up. The sandwiches may be odd to some ppl but u have to try it! It's a burst of flavor. A con about this place is that sometimes the cashier man looks like he's annoyed or depressed. Cashiers should be positive! Or they get no tip! And it's cash only which is also a pain in the butt. It's 2011 and we all use a card nowadays doh
I've read through the reviews and listened to what friends had to say about it so I mixed feelings! I had to try it myself and first the decor is amazing. You can tell time and effort went into this place. I went on a Sunday evening so it wasn't busy at all, perfect time to go. Our server was super sweet just really slow and didn't check on us much. The food: 8/10. The cornbread isn't anything special and was dry, hard, and burnt. Other than that, the chicken was fried to perfection. The mac & cheese, greens, and yams was also a plus! The grilled catfish comes with grilled onions and peppers and seasoned just right.I also wasn't a fan of the turkey burger sliders, the bun was hard, poorly put together, no flavor; pretty much waste of money. Overall, good food! I'd return for sure.
Honestly the Flamingo is a 3 or 3 1/2 in my book but I will rate a 4 to average out the scores.  The Flamingo is perfectly summed up by the phrase "you get you pay for".  People ... if you want a high end Vegas casino experience the Flamingo is NOT your place.  However, those places cost double or triple of the Flamingo!  Plan and spend accordingly.  I have been to Vegas probably 25 or 30 times.  I have been in a ton of hotels.  I have stayed at some of the highest end places to dives on Freemont Street.  The Flamingo is certainly one of the more affordable hotels and casinos on the strip.  I would rather stay at the Bellagio, Wynn or Encore - but I liked my bill for the Flamingo.  I like the location of the hotel a lot.  I have stayed here for business 4 years in a row.  The Flamingo is right on the monorail track and has its own stop.  I am always here to attend a trade show at the LVCC so this is super convenient for me.  The rooms are fine and definitely can be called kitschy cool.  I have had better and I have had WAY worse in Vegas.  You get what you pay for in LV (like everywhere) and I was fine again with the value.  If you want to situate yourself on the mid strip (and on the monorail!) this is a great location.  Also, since the Linc has opened up with the street mall on the walk to it I like the food & drink options immediately outside the hotel a whole lot more.  Caesars is right across the street too.  I was in here at like 100 + a night with all the resort fees and taxes.  AGAIN, if you want a high end experience don't stay here, it's that simple - but plan to budget 250-350 a night instead.
Cute local place with great service.  From the minute you walk in you're greeted, they have a mini fridge with water which is nice after being in the heat.  Jimmy gave a great foot massage!  Did a wonderful job on my pedicure.  The massage chair for the pedicure is so relaxing.  I will go back.
As a general rule, I steer clear of chain restaurants across from shopping malls, but I must admit, this place has got some seriously delicious seafood. I recommend the Pescado Guerrero - a wood-grilled tender mahi-mahi steak with fresh shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, spinach, roasted peppers and sliced avocado in a white wine sauce. Yes, I totally stole that description from their website, although I did remove the word 'delicious', since I'd already used it in the previous sentence. Thought it might sound a little too repetitive if I left it in, two deliciouses so close together. Not that this dish doesn't deserve 'em both, it's just that I'm not one to repeat things unnecessarily. Omit needless words, that's what Strunk & White would say. Sharp guys. Not big Yelpers, from what I understand, but still good advice nevertheless... Although, used correctly, repetition can be an excellent rhetorical strategy for producing emphasis, clarity, amplification, even emotional effect. I guess Joe Walsh was right, there are two side to every story.Oh, and I'd stay away from the Fundido del Mar appetizer. A little too much fondue and not enough shrimp & scallops.
Why wait around too long if it's so easy making an appointment online?  Doing some helps you plan out your day better.
Tacos are good and the salsa bar is always a plus. No soda machine, just cans. If they got a soda machine in here, I'd go more often. The sushi is just ok, but it still a pretty cool concept :) biggest drawback is the parking because there isn't any so if you are going with other people, go in one car!
Pretty limited experience at this pub at the corner of King and Bathurst, but each time has been very good.I used to work just up the street from here so if we finished early enough, myself and my co-workers would swing by for a cold beer or two before last call. Beer prices were good and the taps clean, which is a plus.As for the food, I've had the burger, wings and pasta, and all were very good. I was especially impressed with the pasta (they have pasta night on Tuesdays, and I believe it's $5 a dish for either spaghetti with meatballs, lasagna or fettuccini with wine sauce). For such a good price and given that it's pub and not a pasta place, the quality is impressive.The owner and staff are all very friendly. Prices are good. I believe they also have a burger special on one of the weekdays as well. Worth the trip!
An update to my previous review:I called upon Prairie Flowers for some blooms I was unable to find wholesale for my DIY wedding flowers. Not only were they supercool about getting them for me, they didn't seem offended when I said I was doing my own flowers. They contacted me promptly when the flowers arrived and were chatty and fun when I picked them up.
So this place is definitely unique and a great place when you really want to go out hardcore. Friday night they have great techno upstairs...it's $5 cover and the alcohol is dirt cheap.The only thing bad about this place is the lack of carding means there are quite a bit of under-agers, but it's still a good time.
First time here, the staff is hustling back and forth. Yet, they took their time to go over our questions and customization.  Prices are super reasonable. Unfortunately, food took 24 min, they said the other store had a malfunction and this kitchen was getting "slammed".  Got my order wrong. Second chance order took 16 min, orders are all correct and delicious. 4 stars because of the initial infraction.
This was my first visit here and the facility was very clean and the check in lady was nice and helpful. The wait was not to long and the doctor seemed knowledgeable. For a quick care I would definitely recommend.
Ah, Mr. Cooks... your food is delicious,Your menu is a tasty item menagerie.Your dining area cleanliness is suspicious,Always opt for pick-up or delivery.I have never been disappointed with my meal,Egg rolls, sweet and sour pork all tasty.But the people on the phones, what's the deal?At least the food is always done hastily.
I just finally got a chance to shop at this place for the first time since it opened. There are two reasons I didn't give this place a full five stars. One of the reasons is that it's a little bit pricier than Seafood City or Ranch 99 in the middle of town. The other reason is that it is smaller than Seafood City or Ranch 99.One of the things that I love about this place is that it's on the Southeast side of town closer to where I live. This place is great for people who live in Henderson because we finally have a fairly large Market to shop at 4 Asian and Filipino foods. This place is just a little bit pricier than Seafood City but if you live in Henderson and don't feel like driving to the middle of town then this is a great place to go. It's also a little bit smaller but they seem to carry all of the basics.The restaurant that they have inside is also really good. Because of the amount of traffic that seems to go through there the food seems to always be fairly fresh. I tried the Sisig, beef steak and BBQ Chicken skewer. The food was great. Although the Sisig was made a bit differently than what I'm used to it was still very good and full of flavor. I would definitely go back to try other dishes.The one thing I was really surprised with the huge selection of ice cream. So many different flavors of ice cream like mango, Ube, Green Tea and Coconut. Next time I go I'm getting the Halo Halo ice cream.To summarize if you live anywhere near Silverado Ranch and Bermuda you definitely need to check this place out, even if it's just to eat Filipino food in the restaurant.
Great place and great happy hour.    Padre magarita for $4.00 on Tuesdays comes with Sauza Gold and you don't have to be in the bar area for this one.Food ordered:  Cuban Pork Sandwich, it was very tender, so very flavorful, a lot of food, but we wished there was more even after we were full. We also shared the Obama Burrito with green and red sauce, it was fantastic, screaming full of flavors. Shreaded pork, peppers, cheese, tons of balanced spice.I wish the chips and salsa were complimentary. Just something you tend to get used to in places now a days.  $2.00 isn't too bad though.
Nothing bad to say about this place. Always a good time. It is a little expensive though so be warned. Do you go on a Friday or Saturday night it can be pretty busy also. The recline and dine cinemas are probably the best part
I love shake shack! I get the chicken sandwich (AMAZING) and have tried the burger with bacon and two extra patties... All really good! I was expecting it to be expensive so I wasn't upset! I thought the atmosphere was very fun and unique and I enjoyed the customer service!
I live in Cleveland but this store is close to Cleveland so they deliver in my area. Good pizza, a wide variety on the menu and the price point is spot on. The pizza crust is fresh and the ingredients are fresh as well. I have had the chicken wrap several times and it is huge and enough for two meals. It is fresh chicken and has a great flavor. One time the wrapper was on the dry side though. So next time I order I will mention that . I have had the chicken tenders and they were good as well. They offer a variety of sandwiches hot and cold, chicken wings, pasta dinners, desserts and of course pizza. The shrimp alfredo dinner was very good and had a nice flavor. The sauce was not on the thick side.  I had the pasta dinner with sausage and mushrooms and it was very very good. I have had the cheesecakes there and they are not home made but ok when you have a sweet tooth.  The deliveries are very quick. I went to the actual store and it was clean and I watched them prepare the food and they used gloves. They are always friendly and polite. The store is located off Lorain Road closer to the Fairview Bridge and Kamn's Corner area.  There is plenty of parking and you can bike there if you want.
The Open Table ~ Our reservation was a complete failure...even though it was confirmed in the App...for there & they didn't have our reservation The Door Greeter was really nice & she accommodated us in about 15 mins, while we sat at the bar & waited while enjoying one of the best piña coladas Cheers Food ~ excellent options & very well flavoured taste!! The mashed sweet potato, all of the steaks & the salad ...MWAAA!!! The fried banana  an added plusEntertainment ~ WOW  felt like I was enjoying it on a tropical  vacation in a resortParking ~ Located in the Loblaws underground parking garage located almost directly across from the restaurant. Paid a flat rate of $4 (think the rate is available from 4pm-8am). Very accessible ~ If you decide to take public transportation, it's a few blocks away from Eglinton subway. Overall experience ~ Will definitely return & recommend others go. All of the staff including the door greeters, waiters & waitresses, bartenders, management were very pleasant, accommodating & full of exceptional customer service skills!!! Enjoyed our Winterlicious
Stopped here for lunch.  Chips had a good texture with just enough salt.  Three different salsas were offered and all three were quite tasty.  The portions could have been a little bigger.  I ordered the breaded fish tacos and they were very fresh and flavorful.  Could have used more lemon though.  The decor was eclectic and colorful.  The waitress friendly and attentive.My only quibble is that the meal cost me $15 for the meal and a soda.  A little high, but no regrets.Tom
This place has a peak location at Paris across from the Bellagio Fountains. Good viewing place! 2 very large bars upstairs with cute picnic tables. Drinks are served in heavy duty Red Solo Cups.They have a very large draft beer selection and also serve bar and grill food.Our bartender was friendly. We shared a beer flight. You get 4, 7oz glasses of your choice for around $15. We shared a full 16oz beer as we played old school games, such as Connect 4.We loved the vive up here and will definitely come back!
Took my twins here on their 4th birthday along with my 6-year-old. It is small and extremely clean. Not too busy, perfect. It was nice to be able to relax on a comfy sofa while the kids got their energy out. It's great that they allow in outside food and drink in. My only complaint is that they don't sell anything to snack on or drink. There are water fountains available for the kiddos, though. Pricing is great, too.Tip: bring socks. Everyone must wear socks, even mom and dad.
This is my favorite Panda express. While it is a chain, all Panda Express locations are not created equal. They make sure everything is always fresh. A few times I go there and order something that looks less than fresh, and they always take my order, throw out the non-fresh item I just ordered and make it right then. It may take a few moments, but I never have to ask them to make a fresher batch, they can see as well as I can, and I like that.
Ok but 51'S no so good what else in new here with few friends to bad was not dollar beer nights... churos hod dogs. Fun place if you arr in a group
Decent duty free store - lots of the usual beauty brands and jewelry/accessories (Lancome, Michael Kors), and a small Victoria's Secret store (mostly accessories). I was looking to pick up a bottle of scotch and there is a good selection, maybe 25 choices? Prices seemed high for a duty free store but I assume that is because it's Vegas.
Decent food, but who comes here for the food??THE BEER ROCKS!!!Prices are a bit high but the selection is spectacular and they really know what they are talking about. Enjoy a pint or 7 with some good bar food.
Charming cupcake shop in Puckering Village. Started following them in Twitter when I moved to the are a few weeks ago and needed to check it out for myself. We ordered a lemon cupcake which was yummy, regular coffee and hot chocolate which were both made to order and just what we needed as it was a chilly day.We will be back!
This is probably the best BBQ place in the Champaign/Urbana area. The corn bread is far from ordinary with chunks of smoked pork. The twice baked potato side was awesome. The pit beans were just okay. Now for the meat, I had turkey, pulled pork and brisket. They were all very good; the pork was my favorite. The sauces were tasty and unique. They were a little skimpy on the amount of the sauce you got. The place is a typical bar and BBQ joint, but clean enough. It was fairly chilly though. The hostess started off our visit bad enough that we almost left without ordering because she sat us ahead of another party and then later asked us to move.  She said that she called a different name, implying we somehow tried to pull something over on her.  However the waitress redeemed her and the food was worth it.
Good but not amazing. I've had a better rib eye the night before at Steak and Stone. Part of the appeal of Ocean Club is the vibe. Live music, low lighting, and high end atmosphere. Craft beer selection was ok at best. I believe they focus on cocktails. Price point is about $80 a person.
The south point itself is a great bargain. I lost about a hundred in the casino and I wish they gave free internet but otherwise it's not a bad place. The arcade is fun though. The bowling alley and movie theater is also really nice. It has things for people of all ages. The room was also nice and we just got a basic king room but it had a flat screen in it. The BEST thing about south point though is Michael's Gourmet room. If you do anything, make a reservation and go! They were a little pricey but the lobster was the best! They also gave us a slice of strawberry shortcake for dessert because we were getting married. On top of that they gave us a huge bowl of fruit and a platter of chocolate covered fruit! I am so pleased my husband promised me we can go back for our one year anniversery.
This salon was new for me and I was so happy I went in for a haircut and color. Daniel and my stylist were very welcoming and Laura, my stylist was just the best. She gave me a new haircut and style that made me look and feel younger and the color was very good for me. I love the casual atmosphere with very professional results from an experienced, knowledgable staff. This was a great all-around experience and I strongly urge you to book an appointment with them. I made my next appointment with Laura, who is so talented, caring and fun! I am thrilled to have met her and look forward to my next appointment at this salon.
I always enjoy shopping here because for me this place is a time machine to when I was a child and I came to this very location to shop with my mother. Being of European heritage we found a lot of our ethnic foods here, brands we recognized from back home in our Native Spain. My favourite part of the store is the coffee isle, I love the smell of the different coffees. Plus I get to grind them to my liking, I know that its probably not a big deal as all stores allow you to do this, however, as a coffee lover this is big to me. This location much like all the others are very clean, lots of good produce and what I like the most is that the bananas are always yellow, being part monkey I love bananas but only when they are yellow!
This show is fantastic.  Frank Marino is hilarious & the impersonators are incredible.  They really do a good job. It was a group of 4 girls that went & we got pina coladas which were delicious and reasonably priced.  Make sure you find a coupon code when buying the tickets because we got ours for about $30 each.
i drove all the way across the dessert to have... korean bbq. ive had the honey pig in ktown/LA and this place was very very comparable, with the bonus of having NO WAIT!what i ate:- pork belly: you cant come to a place named after a pig and not have any pork. pork belly was oh so tasty- beef tongue: yum- galbi: very well marinated, and very very tender- fried rice: i know youre full, but trust me when i say, ORDER THIS. your stomach will say it's full, but you keep putting your spoon out for just one more bite. and then another bite. and then another. and then you look down at the grill and realize that its all gone! oh noes! oink oink!*TIP* we ordered meat a la carte, but if you get one of the combos, the fried rice comes out as part of the meal and you dont have to order thispros:- no wait! im used to the LA branch where the wait can be atrocious (at least ~45 mins)- service was pretty good for an asian place. the ding dong bell on the table really helped- owner was so sweet. it was chuseok, or korean autumn festival so she gave us traditional sweet korean rice cakes for dessertcons: - small tables. the grill pan dominated the table leaving very little room for the banchan and other things to eat. but seriously this is such a trivial complaint.would i come again? if i was in vegas and craving kbbq, sure
i got takeout, tried the Salmon and Shrimp Kabobs, a side of Humus and the Fried Cauliflower app.Had my order rather quickly, about 10 min maybe, the people taking care of me were very friendly and accommodating. Everything I needed was in the Takeout bag. The Shrimp and Salmon Entree which came with Basmati Rice and a Salad was excellent  and so was the Humus, Wasn't real impressed withe the Cauliflower, not bad but not memorable either. Will return and probably eat in, looked like a nice place.
WVRST is everything it promises to be: a genuine sausage party in European tradition. Decorated like a very upmarket eastern european beer hall or pivovar by way of hipster west coast design, the large open room is filled with long simple wooden tables and stools. Shared seating is the order of the day. Walk to the back of the room, pick from a variety of sausage types and treatments (either in a bun or a la currywurst as is vogue in Germany) and a drink from their incredibly well outfitted tap list, pay the nice lady and grab a number. Your meal will be ferried to you as you sit and chat.The sausage is high quality, bursting with flavour, and the toppings and dipping sauces are obviously made on site and with good care. Spicy is spicy, sweet isn't cloying, and the frites are done in classic Belgian style: crispy on the outside, warm through the middle. The beer was a little cold, but that just gave me some more time to contemplate life.I wouldn't take a first date here, but this will obviously be a great spot for a casual lunch or post-work drink and nosh with friends. Lots of friends, and when it's crowded (I was told that dinner is busier than lunch) I suspect you may end up making some new friends while there.
Everyday tastiness!  I've been to this country's finest Chinatowns...San Francisco, New York, etc...  And I have to honestly say that I was impressed with the service, décor and food at Everyday Noodles.  Let me first say that the service can often be brutal in a lot Chinese restaurants...noncommittal stares from wait staff, lack of patience when asking about dishes,  etc.. you know the drill.  However, my daughter Muff and I recently went to Everyday Noodles on a busy Saturday and while the line was lengthy, it moved pretty quickly thanks to the drill sergeant hostess up front.Here's a further breakdown of the rest of the visit:Décor - Truly appreciated the lack of faux Chinese décor.  Loved the lightness/airiness of the place.  Seating could be placed a little farther apart, but hey, it still beats 99% of the Chinese restaurants around. Food - Shrimp, Pork and Vegetable Potstickers - Well done and you could actually taste each component, but nothing overpowered anything else. Yum!Rolled Onion Pancake w/ Sliced Beef - Never seen this dish here in Pittsburgh, but I have had it elsewhere and this one stacks up pretty well.  Double yum!Taiwanese Style Pork Belly Slider - Okay, braised pork belly with fragrant soy/ginger/garlic goodness?  Come on, man!  How can you go wrong!  Chinese Happy Family yum! Dan Dan Noodles Szechuan Style - Wonderful chew to the noodles and we added a little extra stink to it by adding some garlic-chili sauce.  Great!Overall, a great addition to the Pittsburgh food scene!  A round-the-world chopstick thumbs up!
Great food! Love the portion size. The breakfast sausage was excellent but the pancakes were average. Great service.
Beautiful hotel and in response to other reviews I thought it smelled fine. Rooms were clean and ready for an early check-in. The lobby was a little cold but kind of expected it since the atrium was huge. The only improvement would be to temperature check your breakfast buffet line more often, my wife said everything was cold and that was even after they brought out a fresh batch of breakfast potatoes.
Most of the time they have really good produce. Once in a while their produce isnt so great. The food court is great. the fresh juices are awesome.
Pretty fancy restaurant especially since its across the walk way to Hermès lol. There's a dress code- no tank tops for men but they will accommodate you to the outside patio , which was fine. The waiter was really nice and professional even though we were kind of tipsy and being annoying. I thought it was fancy how the popcorn chicken came with actual popcorn(never seen this before). The green pizza was great as well; who could've thought that a pizza with no meat could taste so delicious. The food was great i just wished the waiter told us about their gratuity fee. I always thought that was a requirement.
I went to Paris 66 with my husband and friend for Sunday brunch around 10:30 a.m. We were immediately greeted by a chef who looked up from making a crepe to say, "Bon jour!" We were advised by the hostess that we could be seated immediately but because one chef was out for the day, our wait for food would be a little longer. I appreciated being told this before we were seated so that we could decide before getting settled whether we wanted to stay and wait. We decided to go for it since we weren't in a rush. We ended up ordering (homemade) croissants and (homemade) jams as an "appetizer" to tide us over while waiting for the food. Since those things were pre-made on site, we were served them immediately. They were DELICIOUS!Aside from the slow-to-come out food, the service otherwise also was a bit slow (ie, the waitress). She could have been more attentive given that we were being so patient and there for such a long time. As for the food when it did come out: Two of us got savory crepes and one got a sweet crepe. We were all extremely pleased with the quality and tastiness of the food. We each cleaned our plates and noted that we'd be back. The French ambiance is really well done, too.It seems that Paris 66 was not prepared for its own popularity and is experiencing some growing pains as it gets the pacing of its service correct. I hope they will learn from the foibles of their first few weeks. We will definitely be back!!
Clevelander is a great place to stop in before a Tribe game. A few of us were looking for a place to grab a quick bite and a couple drinks before went to the game and started paying an arm and a leg for beers. The patio was pretty busy so we ducked inside and were pleased to discover there were plenty of open spaces. Service took a little while, but I think they were either under staffed or just busy. The beer was cheap enough, the food was alright, and we got to the game with time to spare. I haven't been outside of game nights, but I think that's what this place was built for.
Solid.Mediterranean influence. Great wine list. Great staff. Nice space.We sat at the bar and worked our way through the menu - the bartender did not steer us wrong. Lamb dishes seem to be their strong point.
I went to Bestellen last night with a girlfriend for drinks and snacks. We sat at the bar.  The vibe of the place was lively and the decor gorgeous. The music was awesome (Deerhunter, Lykke Li, TV on the Radio) and piped into the bathrooms. (I really liked this at the time... I'm not sure why) The service was attentive and the staff are all very attractive. We ordered the unexplained "devils on horseback" at the recommendation of the bartender, which are actually dates wrapped in bacon. Pretty good ($6 for four). The only downside to this place is that it is pricey- my vodka sodas were $9 a pop. I can't comment on the food, but I'd like to come back and try it sometime when I am feeling carnivorous. Check it out!
Last dinner for summerlicious for 2017.Enjoyed the atmosphere for the restaurant. Service was great.Got a plate of mussels, steak & lobster, and a chocolate tartufo for dessert.Nice big plate of mussels, in a wonderful sauce.Steak was a bit chewy. Excellent mashed potato.Tartufo was tasty. A great way to end the meal.Would definitely come back to try items on their regular menu.
Hi, my name is Tigra, and I'm an Apple.I love Apple. I love this store. I love some of its staff. I make appointments online or via the Apple app on my phone. Sometimes they'll over book and you'll have to wait a while past your appointment time. I'm a pretty patient person, especially when I'm acknowledged, and this is usually this case. I've only had one guy who was rude, never acknowledged that I was waiting, and had the worse laissez-faire attitude. We do not take laissez-faire when it comes to our tech lifelines, mister! Luckily, he was only one amongst dozens. They've saved my (ancient) MacBook Pro from what I know is inevitable. They have no problems swapping out a faulty iPhone, as soon as they do their obligatory water test. They even replaced a charger that had stopped working on my DD's phone, and we didn't even have Apple Care for that particular phone. Large store with lots of test items and lots of accessories. Nice view of Scottsdale Rd outside the main window. A familiar view for all who've sat at the Genius bar awaiting the verdict on their products.  I may or may not have cried at that counter after finding out photos were lost during a botched software update attempt. They get extremely busy during weekends and in the evenings. I suggest making an appointment for any and everything; even if it's just a question. If you don't make an appointment online they accept walk-ins too, you'll just have to wait longer for them to squeeze you in.Well organized during the new product release. There was 1 line for those who pre-ordered and a separate line for those who did not pre-order.
First time here.  Enjoying myself with friends who are like family. The shrimp and crab chip is THE BEST.
Just came across this place since its close by to work. Had the Pho Beef Banh Mi and a side of Karooge. The sandwich was so good, could have used some more beef (which you can get for an additional charge) but the flavors were amazing. The Karooge is pretty much fried chicken pieces and they were so delicious! If you get them as a side, they don't give many pieces, you could eat these as a meal if you order maybe 3-4 side orders but again they tasted so good and comes with a side of spicy mayo, I'll most likely get 2 orders of these next time. Apparently they're ricotta donuts are supposed to be amazing! I will def have these next. I also liked the fact that the employee came out of the back to hand deliver me my food. It was a nice touch to customer service. Can't wait to be back!
The first thing you see upon arrival is a spacious, dog friendly patio, complete with heaters for those colder months.  Inside has plenty of seating, bar, table, and booth.  There is a small but well rounded beer selection, and keeping with the Irish theme, a large selection of whiskys.  On the down side service can be a bit slow even on the less busy nights, and the food is good but not great.   Overall a good place to grab a drink and even get a snack.As a side note, there is Music Trivia on Tuesdays, and General Knowledge Trivia Wednesdays, both at 8:30, either of which are worth the trip.
Came here for a double shot of espresso.   Very clean taste and liked the smoothness of the espresso.    Can't go wrong and it's close by the office!
Thanks for our wonderful CM for organizing a CMYE at Pazan. If not I never would have  experience the hospitality of the lovely owners and I wouldn't have know my work of art can look so awesome with a 3D glasses!Marcelo is just so charming and sweet! Just look around the gallery you would see his wonderful work of arts. Full of life and vibrant colours and definitely inspiring! Thanks for the special opportunity for a few yelpers to able to create/draw under Marcelo's guidance: our own piece of 3D painting! He shown us different techniques, giving us suggestions and I just love everyone' s paintings after this little hand on workshop!Of course, you can also purchase the lovely paintings in the gallery or even bring in your own to get it framed!!Drop by Pazan Gallery if you are in the neighborhood! It really worth your while.
Crepes... what more can be said?  The place was very busy, but the waitress was attentive and friendly.  I ordered a dark chocolate praline crepe, and the bf got dark chocolate with strawberries.  It was awesome being able to have an option for the chocolate.  When we ordered "dark", they asked if we wanted bitter or semisweet.  Unsure of how bitter the bitter dark would be, we both went with the semi sweet and were pleased.The dessert they were churning out all looked amazing.  We both left the place in full-fledged chocolate comas.  Full, but satisfied.  If you are a chocolate lover, this is definitely a place to check out!
Visited Soho once for dinner awhile back but this was my first time going for brunch. We arrived around 11:30, which is early for brunch time, and were seated immediately. We ordered two breakfast cocktails that I cannot remember the names of. Mine was tequila (I know it's breakfast) and citrus juices and was very tasty. My boyfriend got some whiskey and coffee concoction which he said was delicious albeit pretty strong. Before your meal arrives they bring out warm biscuits with Apple butter and Rosemary butter, which I think is a thoughtful, homey touch. For our meals we ordered the breakfast skillet and the chicken and waffles and both were great. The house hot sauce they put on the table was a great addition to my skillet, spicy and tangy, but not overly hot. We also got a side of the bacon, which was four large thick cut and glazed pieces of deliciousness. Overall, a great meal. There's a lot of brunch competition in Ohio City with many great contenders, but I will definitely come back to Soho again!
We had a taste for BBQ last Saturday and after seeing all the great reviews decided to try Twisted Cactus since it's so close to our house.  We were greeted quickly upon arrival and told we could sit anywhere we liked.  In just a few minutes the waiter brought menus and we ordered our drinks.  Food came up fairly quickly. My husband ordered the brisket, pork and potato salad with an extra side of Cole slaw.  I ordered brisket, ribs, fries and an extra side of Cole slaw.  The brisket was very tasty and served on Texas toast, but it was cold.  The pork was excellent and warm.  The ribs were outstanding and warm.  If the brisket would have been hot we would have given the meal five stars!  As for the sides, the fries were awesome, but the Cole slaw and potato salad weren't worth it - both were totally  tasteless.  Prices are reasonable.  Will we return?  Probably, when we want bbq and don't want to drive far.
Hey I came here for a dos equis on draft and was surprised by (a) the really nice vibe and excellent layout of the restaurant (the one on Warner Rd.), the great and respectful service, and the awesome chips (really, just great) and bean dip and salsa (excellent). I haven't had other than the beer-and-vibe-and-chips test so your mileage may vary!
My parents wrote my last yelp review about the David Duncan House. They didn't have the greatest time for their anniversary dinner, I attended the DDH tonight with my girlfriend and her family. Everyone in our party of 8 ordered the 16 Oz. Prime Rib and it was amazing. Super tender, amazing gravy, creamy mashed potatos, they did skimp on the veggies for the $37/ plate BUT I can guarantee that you will be full and satisfied with the quality of what they do not skimp on. The meat.
Nice place. I like the outside patio. The inside is a little to tight for me however. I'd go and eat again. The staff were attentive.
It's been awhile since my first visit to Charbar when it first opened and although I didn't have the best experience that time around, I must say that I've truly enjoyed my last three visits here! All of them have been for their brunch or lunch service. I've been able to try the deep fried french toast bites, bagna cauda, asado plate, jamon crudo pizza, and during Big Taste their feature breakfast burger.Today I ordered one of the lunch features which was a pizza that featured roasted chicken and crispy chicken skin on top! Like what, who does that?! The crispy chicken skin is what sold me and I definitely thought it finished off the pizza so well. Their pizza dough by the way is bomb because it comes from Sidewalk Citizen =) Our server today was lovely (I wish I remembered his name, I am the worst at that!) He was very personable and made sure we were taken care of throughout our meal. And just a small thing that I noticed was that more than one person (that didn't include our server) ensured that we always had water in our glass. I appreciate that attentiveness because it really shows that they work as a team.P.S. their beef fat fries are amazeballs! They are the type of fries that you can't stop eating no matter how full you are.Reserving my last star for when I am able to go back and try their dinner menu again, but if my last few visits indicate anything, I'm sure it won't be hard to give =)
We tried this place based on recommendations from Yelp. We tried several different dishes and all of them we terrific. The helpings were HUGE and we had plenty to eat. I am only sorry we don't live here in Phoenix.
We love this store! It's clean, there's a really kind group of people working there and I feel like they're pretty fair with what they take and how much they offer in store credit. I do wish they had a cash option, but we've turned in a lot of our children's clothes that are too small and basically just exchanged them for bigger sizes with the credit we have. Everything is reasonably priced. Shoes can be pretty grungy, but they're cheap. Great place overall!
I have been wanting to try this place for so long as a huge Big Burrito fan.  We finally made it for Sunday brunch and happy to report it lived  up to my expectations.  We sat in the outside area (covered but with heating lamps) and had a great waiter.  They have a price fix brunch with includes a drink, app and entrée.  We decided to just order entrees and glad we did as the entrees are very large portions. I went with the mushroom and goat cheese omelet but substituted the mushrooms with tomatoes. It also came with toast ( I went with wheat), fingerling potatoes, and choice of a meat-I got the bacon. The omelet was delicious and the bacon was crisp just the way I like it.  We did have to wait a while to get salt & pepper, ketchup and jelly but finally got it all before our food got cold.   Others in my party got the eggs benedicts, shrimp omelet with egg whites and waffles. Everything got good reviews. What I also loved was we got a big pastry basket with biscuits, apple cinnamon muffins and scones.  Al very tasty and a nice starter.  I would really like to go back for happy hour as they have a very nice bar inside.
Had the T-bone steak with grilled veggies and horseradish cream sauce. It was delicious better then the prime rib my bf had. Service was excellent.
Large portions, friendly staff, clean environment but what I come here for is the homemade ultra moist banana nut muffins!  My family eats a loaf in one sitting, will need to buy more when I return to lv next month.
Das Zimmer ist großzügig vom Platzangebot und in unserem Fall sauber. Die Ausstattung entspricht dem üblichen Standart dieser Kette, Bett, Schreibtisch, Sofa, freies WLan im Zimmer und großer LCD TV.Im Hotel steht ein Außenpool zur Verfügung, das im Zimmerpreis enthaltene Frühstück is für US Verhältnisse wirklich großzügig und bietet einiges an Auswahl, wer am Morgen keine Zeit verlieren möchte, kann sich auch einfach ein vorbereitetes Frühstückspaket mitnehmen.Im Bereich der Lobby steht jederzeit Kaffee oder Tee kostenlos bereit.Alles in allem, habe ich das bekommen, was ich von dieser Hotelkette erwarte.Das Rezeptionspersonal war sehr freundlich und Hilfsbereit bei unserem Aufenthalt.
I really liked the environment and the food was great. The services has been on and off for the different times I have been there but its run by a family and the kids usually do the serving so got to give them credit for their age. They really seem to have a strong loyal customer base which says a lot for the amount of sushi options there are around here.
Brunch on Saturday was excellent. The Bloody Marys were delicious, as were our meals--the French Toast w/ procuitto, figs, and feta and the Biscuits and Gravy. Great decor, great service.  Eclectic menu.  Have to come back for dinner.
I had heard terrible reviews on this place but decided to give it a try anyway.  Boy was I pleasantly surprised at how amazing the food was and the service was a+ as well, even went back a few days later.  The only down fall was that some of the employees would congregate by the bar area, goof off and be really inappropriate.  My advice is to notify the management if you see this behavior so they finally understand that this is the main reason they have a bad rep!
This place isn't your usual ramen restaurant. You get in line and order your ramen and then get a tracker that'll buzz when your food is ready. The food here is tasty and the service here is great! It isn't too pricey and and the seating area is quite spacious.
Placed an order for delivery tonight. The calzone was outstanding, but the fettuccine was pretty marginal. My big problem is that we were quoted a delivery time between 45 and 60 minutes. That seemed excessive, especially when the reality is it took over 1-1/2 hours to get here. The driver was polite and apologetic, but I was ready to call it a night by the time our food arrived. Fyi...I ordered a Pizza from here a few months ago and it was really good.  I don't recall being annoyed by the delivery time, so maybe they were just having an off night this time.
This is a darn good hot dog, ask them to grill your bun too. I would have given it 5 stars but the onion rings were limp and greasy, I'll try the fries next time. Save some of the chile sause on the side for the fries.
Of all the Chinese I've had out here in suburbia, this place is the best by far. If you're going to eat there, the decor is rather simple... it's nice and clean for sure.... but generally when I order Chinese it's takeout anyway.Spring rolls and potstickers are top notch - pot stickers have the option of steamed or fried, which is nice (I prefer them steamed).All the main courses we've ordered from here have been awesome - no complaints at all. The people working there seem super nice too.Best Chinese in SW Charlotte for sure.
Green Valley Ranch is a great place to stay and is a very nice upscale resort away from the strip! It is very different staying there than any other Casino or resort on the strip. It is quiet and they have a beautiful pool! There is a real sand beach that leads into the swimming pool that kids just love. The pool is also very warm and nice. I have stayed at Green Valley Ranch several times and the other thing I love is the Spa. The use of the Spa is typically included with your room. They have a nice Sauna, and Steam Room, and Hot Tubs. But the other nice thing the Spa has is a Spa pool separate from the main pool. There is also a great Arcade and a Movie Theater as well, which makes staying at Green Valley great for families. I'm not a huge fan of their Buffet. But Pizza Rock makes the best Pizza in the world, i'm not kidding!!! I was also not overly impressed with Hanks. Hanks is a very high end Steakhouse. But for the price it wasn't that great compared to other places you can go to in Las Vegas. My Steak was pretty tough and chewy and overcooked. For a $250 meal you would expect better.  There are also a lot of nice restaurant options at the shopping district right next door. The rooms are nice, especially the bathroom with a nice Tub and separate shower. Overall it is a great, classy place to stay away from the busy strip. Sometimes we like to stay on the strip and have fun for three days, and then go stay a couple nights at Green Valley to relax!!
The design is very well thought of, there is a modern feel to it. The food was delicious. I ordered the veggie, goat cheese tart. The crust was perfect, the mix of veggies was on the point and the amount of goat cheese was just right. I am usually skeptical sometimes when it comes to goat cheese, it can take over the taste and ruin the flavour of the meal. The cocktails are pretty fabulous, and the service was great.
Really amazing service! Our garage spring broke... and the lady on the phone broke down the price for one and/ or two springs. There was no hidden costs either. It gets a star dock because she forgot to put me on the schedule and I had left work early that day expecting them. But because I couldnt get off early another day.... she had the technician come on my time off. AND she also gave my service for 1/2 the price. That is very reasonable for me! I will def be calling them for when my garage needs a tune-up
I only can here to drink  had a pitcher of margarita it was pretty good I could definitely taste the alcohol in it can't tell you what the food was like but it was pretty packed so it must have been decent
Tons of squeeky cheese curds on oversized poutine... Share 1. hot dogs were under a dollar so how judgy do you want me to be...they are not sabretts or nathans or hebrew national but they are not gross. Burger was good not too much bun like some places do. We had 1 giant potine, 2 cheese burgers, 2 hot dogs, 1 hamburger and 1 soda for $30 Canadian. Cant beat that.
OMG! Went tonight and the baby back ribs were not on the menu!! They still made them for us but said they will be "phasing them out". Please mister manager or corporate person re-think this. If you take the ribs off the menu my wife won't want to go as often!! You are gonna lose customers!! Save the Baby Backs!!
What an adorable spot!  The pink and white color scheme and cozy booths made me feel so 1950s, I wanted to throw on a poodle skirt!  We stopped in on a Sunday evening around 8pm and the place was packed.  Luckily we didn't have to wait but five minutes for a table.  We split a burger and each ordered a dessert.  The burger came with chips and coleslaw, all of which were subpar.  Our ice cream desserts however, made up for the burger and sides.  Skip the dinner options and splurge on the ice cream options instead!
My first time at Asian Taste today, I ordered the #9: Fried Garlic Sauce Noodles. The noodles are wide (like pappardelle), but made with rice flour, which makes them wonderfully chewy. The fried garlic sauce is delicious -- slightly sweet, slightly sour, but overall salty and savory with a fragrant garlic taste and crushed red pepper flakes bringing the heat. The noodles are also sprinkled with scallions and slick with the delicious oil. Julienned cucumber is served on the side of the bowl, which adds a needed fresh note. The portion was generous, and I loved every bite. Service was fast. Prices are relatively low (noodles: $5.95, bottled water: $1).The restaurant is difficult to spot. It's tucked in from street view. The interior is small, with just a few booths, a couple of picnic tables, and some stools at a back counter. The place fills up fast at lunch, so get there early or expect to wait. The folks behind the counter don't speak much English, so if you do, order by the menu number. Expect to eat with chopsticks. Pro-tip: for the long, wide noodles, arrange a noodle into layers and stab through with the tips. I don't know if this is legit, but it worked for me!
would be 5 stars but am limited on when I can go as the lines are always out the door, and sadly I am handicapped and standing in the line I can not do as they have no seating while waiting :( . The fact though that there is always a line there speaks volumes of how good their food is. I am not a big Hotdog fan myself but their  Hamburgers are excellent cooked over a mesquite wood grill YUM. If there is no line I will stop and grab a Onion Ring they are soooo good its a rare treat because as I said so busy normally, Just had some last week as I went by right as they opened and pulled in so fast I left rubber on the street. If you are looking for great Hotdogs, Hamburgers, Fries (get them with cheese) and Onion rings this is the place to stop long wait but so worth it.If you are handicapped and can not stand to long go when they open it is worth it.
Well, I'm writing this review while waiting to even place my order. Been here for about 20 minutes now, and doesn't look like anyone's coming yet.  Just sitting at the table drinking my water. Although they are pretty busy and there's only two people out assisting customers so I don't know.... Management needs to learn how to properly staff their store properly. How long willI be waiting tonight? HahEdit, right after I posted this review someone came and took my order so things are looking up, I added one star for that.Edit2, a lady came and apologized for our wait so it's good that they're acknowledging they were having problems at the time. Seeing as I'm an Assistant Manager at another restaurant I know how important it is to make sure that's one of the first things you do during hard times, also I can hear someone in the back now yelling, and directing people so I can tell someone's trying back there to get everything back in order so I'm changing my review from 1 star to 4 stars for the comeback they made.
We've always been greeted with a smile, our order has always been taken quickly and brought to our table quickly. The best what is the food of oh, the chicken fingers and cainiac sauce are amazing I would not hesitate to eat here, anytime day or night.
Yummy yummy in my Filipino tummy!I was so stoked to find this little gem close to ASU West. I've been deprived of great Filipino food since moving to AZ but this place felt like home.I walked in before class to grab a quick snack. I ordered two siopao (pork buns) and a mango juice. The service was really quick. And I got everything within minutes. The siopao came with a bit of the pork gravy to dip it in. Oh man, it was drippy, sticky and oh so good. It made me miss my mommy's cooking. The mango juice was refreshing and went well with my meal.I almost can't wait to go back to school on Monday so I can make another pit stop there.
I love how cozy this spot was.  There is a such thing as being too big and BWB hit the nail on the head in terms of size.  It's so intimate. easy to talk to the person sitting next to you, if thats what you so desire.  Or you can immerse yourself in your own conversation.  The bar staff here was amazing for this event and worked so hard to make sure everyone was taken care of.  We loved the beer flights.  Even I am not a fan of IPA's but the IPA they served in the beer flight wasn't too bad, sure it had the bitterness at the end but a lot easier to drink than most IPA's.  My favorite had to be the Saison beer, it had just enough sweet notes to captivate me.  I do want to talk about my favorite thing though, which was our charcuterie board.  We had the brewer's reserve which I think was a perfect combination of meat and cheese.  The fig spread was amazing but I am also a sucker for fig anything  I do wish they had given a little more of the fig, as not all the beer:meat:fig ratios were balanced and thats kind of a huge pet peeve of mine.  Regrettably I didnt find where the pistachios or almonds fit in with that board but that is just my opinion.  Overall this would be a spot I would definitely come back to again.  I forgot to ask if they serve any kidn of wine but even if they dont, they have a couple beers that I, pickiest of all beer drinkers, enjoy.
In the past, there were spans when I would order pizza WAY too often. Lately, I've been eating a lot healthier...though, I'm not made of stone.Of the delivery pizza places, I like Pizza Hut the most. Their on-line ordering feature is extremely intuitive, allowing you to visually customize your exact order.This particular location just so happens to be the one assigned to deliver to my location. In the short time I've lived here, I've always had pleasant experiences with the delivery people. They always seem to be happy, and are decently engaged. Also, they always seem to arrive early or on-time...which is kind of important.All in all, the Via Linda Pizza Hut is a reliable choice for a decent pizza in my opinion.If you're looking for a tasty break from the normal pizza, try a Thin Crust Chicken + Jalapeno...but be warned...I think Pizza Hut harvests some of these peppers from the center of the sun. Not ALL of them...but there are a few that make you sniffle something fierce.
Recommendation: Large Stew Chicken ($10). The meat is tender, sauce is delicious... it's SO moist. Cooked to perfection. I've had it about 5-6 times and it's been sensational every time.The portions are large. The rice is cooked perfectly, is moist, and is most delicious with a bit of gravy. I've also tried the goat and the jerk chicken, but Iike the stew chicken more.I haven't tried the ox tail yet... (loved the stew chicken too much to pay an extra $3) but ox tail is amazing, and I'm willing to bet that it's terrific here.I'll report back on the oxtail and roti when I try them.Terrific value considering how good the food is.FYI - It's a take-out joint.BONUS: Open late!
brought mama for a belated birthday present. very good show. JLo mixed in a lot of her oldies with some new tracks and even threw in a little Lee Ann Womack's "i hope you dance". lots of costume changes and obviously, lots of amazing choreography. light show was not too gawdy and crowd was really dialed in. overall, worth the $$$.
Just had a fantastic meal here.  I've never seen so many interesting offerings in a breakfast menu!  Fried eggplant hollandaise, homemade kimchi and fried rice with eggs and scallion pancakes are just two examples!
This is not anywhere close to authentic Italian gelato by any means, but for the price and the flavor of the gelato offered here, over the summer we pretty much made this place a regular stop after dinner. Apparently there used to be 64 flavors out at one time, but now there are somewhere in the 30's area and a case for cakes. Frankly, I don't care that there aren't 64 flavors to choose from at one time. That would be overwhelming. There are generally enough choices to keep everyone happy.Flavor wise, the fruit flavors leave a lot to be desired. They are more icy than ice-creamy. So I don't tend to get those much. The pistachio and chocolate amaretto are my two favorite flavors though. I go back to them the most. I have also enjoyed butterfinger, just because I love butterfingers. Most of the other flavors are good as well.For the sizes available the price for gelato here is also a good deal. We get smalls for $3.15 each. One of the cheaper prices we have seen among all gelato shops. And you can mix flavors in your cups. Two flavors in small and medium, and up to three flavors in the large size. We have had to stop coming in though just because we both gained some weight over the summer and we are both on a health kick, trying to lose the pounds. But I would come back here again eventually.
The pho was great and the soup was very tasty. The only reason I gave 4-star (I would go 4.4 but Yelp only do integers) because they don't have enough menus and it took so long for them to cook the pho. We sit there for at least 5 minutes until 1 menu was available and the waiter gave it to us and we gotta share. I know the restaurant was kinda packed when we were there but 25 minutes for 2 bowls of pho was a little bit long. We saw every employee was working very hard but to be honest a clear job allocation would help the situation. Personally speaking, the tile they used on the floor can be very slippery for the waiters especially when they are holding 4 heavy bowls with full noodle soups.
I was in here yesterday to check out what they had on offer. This store recently opened in a refurbished strip mall along 42 ave. When I walked in the first thing that struck me was how nice it was. I was expecting it to have sort of a warehouse, industrial type feel - just supplies. Instead there were plenty of retail displays, esthetically placed.The other thing is that the store is quite big filled with all sorts of stuff, from pans to knives to gadgets. I saw a few things that I have never seen before. I am looking forward to going back to pick up. There were probably 15 people milling about looking at all the stuff - a bit of a suprise considering that the store itself feels like a little tucked away secret in a strip mall. The prices are reasonable -but more than that, there is great selection.  Limited parking out front.
If this place was open until 7pm, easy 5 stars - they're the most pleasant rental place in the 'hood and they let you drop off after-hours if needed.  As it is, I rent from them whenever their open hours correspond with my rental needs. =)
Fixing my sweet tooth! I gotta say that the lemon bar is better than the one from Starbucks! Yum!!
Great big salads - make your own or choose from a list.  Made right in front of you and if you add meat, I think they grill it while you are waiting.  Very fresh!Now with their wine selection, and the way they dim the lights and place candles on the table - it makes it a great dinner/date place.The staff/service is very friendly, too.
Nothing can top the feeling of walking into a bar after a long day and hearing a guitarist play Billy Joel's "She's Always a Woman." I nearly melted in my seat. Well, that was shortly before my friend needed to pop over to the bar on the other side of SLS to get a hot toddy. Then we returned to Monkey Bar.There are a few seats at the bar, plenty of tables and couches to lounge around. It's a lovely place to relax within SLS station. I'm not sure how often they have musicians, but the guitarist made me so happy. The bartenders are friendly (some of them are kinda cute) and the drinks are on point. I had both the Monkey Fuzz Gimlet and the White Peach Margarita. Just enough to get me buzzed before retiring to my room after a long two-day meeting. I was a little taken aback when the bartenders didn't ask me if I wanted a second drink after I finished my first one (unusual) but it was easy to flag them down and ask.As far as hotel bars go, this one is great. The prices are reasonable, the selection is plentiful, and the atmosphere is classy but laid-back. There's many great things about SLS Station, and I'm glad Monkey Bar turned out to be one of them.
Good, fresh food.The wraps are **HUGE** - easily two meals.I enjoyed the chicken curry over rice, and loved the fresh-from-the-fryer falafel.Nothing in the ambiance department. (Unless you feel that Subway and Starbucks are the height of class) - but quick and tasty.Limited seating.
This past weekend, I ate dinner here when my family came to visit. My family and I were pleasantly surprised at how delicious and upscale the food was! Although it was a bit pricey, the quality of the food and ambiance of the restaurant made every penny worth it.
My first ramen stop in Richmond Hill since I moved here and I am a fan! I got the Yokohama Ramen with extra egg (bamboo, mushroom, green onion, fish cake, pork, seaweed) and my husband got the miso ramen with pork, both with pork bone broth. I've definitely had more flavorful broth before, but it was still very tasty, not too salty, with a nice garlic flavor.The noodles had a good chew to them (though I wish there was just a LITTLE more noodles). I am a stickler for the egg, and they have it down perfectly. The pork was tender and smoky. We both cleaned our bowls and I was perfectly satisfied.Good prices as well, and I even got a domestic beer for $1.99 with my ramen (sweet special!)Would certainly visit again for my ramen fix.
We were traveling in the area and our first visit we both ordered seafood dishes and were less than impressed. My brother's shrimp gnocchi dish was fishy smelling and tasting, my crab fish dish tasted like cheap frozen fish or old fish. However, the 2nd night we ordered Italian and were very satisfied. We enjoyed both the Mediterranean and the Caesar salads and then a pizza and a stuffed pizza (their version of a calzone). Definitely go Italian.
I am more familiar with inflatable bouncies, but this was still quite fun for little ones.  We didn't feel like bouncing that day, so we left it to the kiddos go at it while we sat and chatted.  I do like the separate little children's area. There's a coffee bar, drinks and snacks are available at the cafe.  Nice lounge area with a flat screen for daddies that couldn't do without sports.  Overall, a good place to relax and have the children play.  I can see this again on my list come summer time!
4.5 stars. I visited this cute place today and was delightfully surprised by how big the space is! The location is a little out of the way for me, but if you live in the northern part of RHill this is a great little bakery/cafe/pattiserie for you! It is still worth a visit for anyone who lives farther like me. All the desserts look delicious, and I tried the Evergreen Tree and the Matcha latte. The dessert was a pistachio mouse with raspberry cream and I loved it a lot! I will definitely try the Hazelnut Cube next time- it looks so good! it is a nice quiet place to have a good talk with someone, and you will leave happy from here. I just wish the location was somewhere more accessible. Highly recommended!
This might be the best pizza I have ever eaten. New York style thin crust with high quality ingredients on top. They have thick crust selections as well. New York theme and decor. Very friendly and good service. The place is packed in the evening even on weekdays. Superb price/value on food and drinks. Located across 215 about 20 minutes from the strip in the suburbs of Las Vegas. If you go by cab be prepared to wait a long time for one to pick you up.  There are not many destinations for cab drivers in this part of Vegas so they do not like driving one way without a fare to pick you up.
Took the wife out for a special event/dinner.  We arrived early and were well attended.  We got a shooting lounge, ordered drinks and some appetizers.    Buffalo Chicken egg rolls, mushroom fries, fish tacos, all very good.  Note - since it was just the two of us, shooting for one hour straight was quite a bit.  It would have been better as a double date, sharing costs and splitting the time.
Friendly staff and very good doughnuts. Got around 8 between the family but I personally had the OC Sand and French Toast doughnuts...French toast probably my favorite. Only downside I would say is the glaze kind of bunches up within the inside circle and can be a little much.
We just dropped in on a weekend evening and the restaurant was packed. We were given 30 minutes wait time to be seated but after 10 minutes we were given our table.There are lots of food/pasta options on the menu; I tried the Olive Garden Trio which had 3 small portions of Lasagna/Parmesan Chicken/Pasta and everything tastes really good; portion was enough for 1 person.We tried couple of different wines by glasses and they were just OK. Overall good food quality, service was good, atmosphere was good, kid friendly environment.Price is a bit on the higher side. Location on the NE, parking availability is good.
I have eaten at Great Wall since they first opened and I must report that the food and service are sorely lacking as to be not recognizable from the past. The overall rudeness of the wait staff beyond belief. I went back last week for Chinese New Year's and had a wonderful experience with the staff and great dim sum. They must have been having a real bad day earlier in the year. I'm very pleased because I did not want to lose this place as its the last dim sum place in Phoenix. All the others are in the east valley.
A few cooks did a good job but this place was so poorly ran and the counter service so bad I was done with it.  Their salsa bar was always a disaster and a mess.  Then last week I noticed a "New Management" sign out front.  Stopped in and had terrific service, everything was clean and food great.
I quite like this unique place with bright yellow sign and old school Chinese restaurant name.  Love it.  The indoor decor however looks a little too grand for my taste.  There are a lot of crystal chandeliers, with golden colour everywhere.  I think the servers should wear matching colours too to make the golden decoration complete, but their uniforms looks quite normal,  lol!  I arrived around 1pm which is the regular price period, and the dim sums are quite pricey.  All the food are quite good, but I still think it is a little over price.  The highlight for me is the steamed beef tendons with konnyaku as it was soft enough to eat but not mushy with some wonderful aromatic to heighten the taste.The service was reasonable, but not great.  i do like the fact that they are playing the food documentary on the screen where I learned something about traditional food preparation method of some new year Chinese food.
I took my one and two year old here.  They had fun.  I think the "big kid" area was a little overwhelming for my two year old.  It was very clean.  Four stars because its a bit $$$.  It was $18 for both my children.
Soho is an adorable lil eatery! We decided to try them out for brunch and were pleasantly surprised. I was able to make a reservation over the phone and only waited a few minutes when we arrived. It's a small place but is set up nicely with a cute Bar. The mimosas are delicious and averagely priced. I order the shrimp and grits and my gf got the chicken and waffles. Complimentary biscuits with rosemary butter and apple butter almost filled me up! They are soooo good. Our server was nice and speedy. Our water glasses were always full and she refilled my coffee without asking. The wait for our food was a little Long but you didn't notice with the constant refills and biscuits! The food was absolutely delicious and filling. The ONLY Downside is the large loud party sitting behind us. With it being a smaller place the laughs of the jolly party were overbearing. Other patrons were visibly annoyed but no one asked them to quiet down. I would definitely come back here! Great decor, great service. Next time I'll just ask for a booth away from the hooligans. Lol
Awesome! Came here for my girlfriends birthday and to propose to her as well. When we walked up to the host stand it was semi out on the casino floor and were expecting it to less intimate than what we saw. The host and who seemed to be her boss greeted warmly and we were seated promptly. Our waiter Patrick was the "best". He took care of all of our needs and made us feel as we were MGM Grand high rollers. The night was great and will be remembered for a life time takes to the wonderful service at Crush.
I love this restaurant. I would come here more if the prices were a bit lower or their portions grew a bit. There are a lot of other Mexican restaurants that offer more for less. Granted I love their food at la Mestiza and have been here a lot. I still recommend this place for the "fancy" night out.
Good but I wish they had more vegetarian options. What is there is great, just wish there were more choices. Also pretty expensive considering the type of place it is and the nature of the food. But glad they're around.
We have stayed here a few times to have a "staycation" and have been able to get the room for a very reasonable rate. The location is great and everyone that works there has always been very friendly. Had we paid full price for the room I would not have rated it so highly because the room is just ok and the beds are kind of hard. Worth it for the location if you get a good deal and are staying for one or two nights.
Came here to sample some of their new additions to the dim sum menu.  Really enjoyed it and will be back again.  Food: We ordered the "Big Red Po" tea which is not usually offered at other dim sum places which was nice.  I like this tea flavor a lot.  The dim sum menu selection is average but the quality is nice.  Dishes were unique and the taste was wonderful.  See pic for some of the unique items that I enjoyed.  For savory dishes, I especially enjoyed their seafood pancake and sticky rice. For the sweet dishes, the dumpling was very unique sitting in a tart with a pineapple bun on the top.  The pink leaf wrapped dessert tasted as great as it looks.  The Napoleon cake was huge.  It looked nice but I wouldn't order it again.   Service: We were a large group so we sat inside the rooms.  It was nicely decorated and lots of places to hang up our jackets and comfortable seating.  However, most of the servers spoke mandarin and would refer us to 1 server who understood us (even though we spoke Cantonese and English).
I like Cynthia's, if for no other reason than it is completely accepting of its own drama.  There is a kind of theater that goes on the moment you walk through the door: waiters and waitresses in faux-satin costumes that depict everything from modern Chinese jackets to ancient flowing robes.  The carvings on the wall, the golden soup-bowl holders, the menus printed on fabric fans; it's all just a little bit cheesy, but in a way that speaks more to pageantry and decadence than it does to mockery.  Cynthia's isn't some corporate entity trying to hock Chinese culture on unwitting Canadians; it's an earnest attempt to make a restaurant into a Chinese dining experience.  Whether it succeeds or not is a question I leave to you, but I love them for the attempt.As far as the food goes, it's good; you're paying a premium more for the atmosphere than the food.  The quality is consistent which is more than I can say for a lot of Chinese restaurants - they have an experience staff of both servers and cooks who deliver the same experience every time.  Do they have the best Peking Duck in Toronto? No.  But their Peking Duck isn't bad.  Do they have the best Chow Mein in Toronto? No.  But the Chow Mein is pretty good.  I mean, there are restaurants out there that have amazing noodle dishes but horrible rice plates - Cynthia's is neither of these; what they do, they do well, I find no complaint for their food - but it has never blown me away either.
As the name suggests, Jamboree is a great spot to get your bagel fix. They have a variety of fresh-made rings (boiled for the NY taste!) and house-made schmears, which always make a great breakfast. I enjoyed the Super Egg (egg + everything seasoning) with scallion. I did not notice a lox sandwich on the menu, which is my usual go-to.   They offer lunch and dinner service, as well as a case of pastries (didn't see black and whites) and various daily breakfast plate specials. Several reviews compare this spot to Bagel Cafe, and I can see how this is a smaller alternative to consider if you live in the area. I can recommend this location but it's a bit out of my way to come regularly myself.TIP: Grab your bagel and schmear to go, then pop by Aware Coffee en route to the freeway!
'Large beef, extra meat please!' is what I always say when I come in. Hidden on International 17th Ave, this place is one of the gems Calgary has to offer.For me, I always ask for little sauce cause I think they generally load up on that. Every time I eat here (which is very late), I always taste that little crisp in the beef, which I like. I don't recall any other shawarma places in this city that have that kind of texture. One of my two favorite shawarma places to go in this city. My only knock on them is that I wish they would put more spice in the beef.
Nice neighborhood tavern serving burgers and pub grub.  Recently had the ribs.  They were good.  They have a lot of TVs and a good bar.  Normal kids menu.  Family friendly.
We were going on vacation and flying out of Phoenix and this Hotel offers a park and fly program. They have a nice big parking lot in front and in back and while on our trip they had us park in that back lot, we had no problems with our car. The rooms are very comfortable and since the outdoor temps were right around the 99 degree mark the house keeping staff kept the air conditioning in the rooms turned down so it was comfortable if not almost too cool, but after  driving up from Tucson and unloading our luggage it was welcome.The shuttle bus to the Airport is shared withe the neighboring hotel, but is big enough for most trips to the airport.Don't miss out on the free Breakfast  everything from eggs, yogurt, cinnamon rolls and cereal. don't sleep to late if you want to enjoy this meal as the close it at 9am.We will defiantly stay here again.
Time for lil' update:The Dog's Bollocks was open on Labour Day, and we popped in for some food. It was salty and meh, but the booze prices remain great, and this unassuming place didn't judge us for anything. Not our childish food orders, not our pitchers of cocktails and not having our baby with us (playing on the table and then sleeping in her stroller). Thank you, D's Bs.
My wife and I along with another two couples at here for dinner one night.  It was very fancy, classy and elegant.  The server was fantastic, very polite, knowledgeable about the food and items on the menu.  Showed genuine concern that we were having a good time and our food was cooked as requested.  Everything was great.  It is expensive but the food was worth it.  Steaks were perfect.  We enjoyed it, and spent a lot of money in the process.  Must make reservations.
I got the signature platinum blow out from Bailey B, it lasted me literally 6 days and had volume and bounce the entire week. I was so impressed I went back the following week and received a good blow out from someone else. Although they use same technique and tools, I didn't leave with same amount of volume and bounce, however it is still a good blow out.  The coconut scent  was delicious without being overpowering. I would recommend if looking for good blow out for night out or even a blow out to last monday-friday work week. Only negative is they are not open Sunday or Monday, so if you wanted to start week fresh you have to go Saturday. Scheduling sometimes goes over, so make sure you allocate at least 60-75 mins.
Stopped in yesterday to get some sushi to go.  We decided on the deluxe sample platter for $24.95. This included 6 California Rolls and a good selection of Nigiri which included:  3 pieces of tuna (Maguro);  3 pieces of salmon (Sake); 3 pieces of snapper (Tai); and 3 pieces of eel (Unagi).  The employees were cheerful and friendly. The hostess offered us tea and/or water while we waited even though we were just getting take-out.  I liked the decor and overall feel of the place. When we got home and dug into the sushi, I was impressed. Sushi rice had good texture, the fish was fresh and tasted good w/just a small smear of wasabi between the rice and the fish.  Of course, the sushi was packaged alongside the standard additional dollop of wasabi and a nice pile of pickled ginger on the side.   The pricing is in line with other area sushi places. Overall, I was pleased with the sushi and definitley will go back.
This is one of the best breakfast places in Vegas. Convenient parking. Clean and hip atmosphere. The service... It doesn't get any better! Superb!  Incredible attitude and genuine interest in pleasing the customer. Bacon, pancakes, coffee, eggs... Perfect!Quality food at affordable prices. Stuffed myself and ordered enough for 2 and the Bill was $15. BOOM! I want to come back and try some of the signature dishes, which I didn't know about when I arrived. I Didn't even look at the menu when I arrived... I just ordered.
I was there a few days ago, my girlfriend and I sat at the bar, the bartender was on point, very tentative, and didn't have a problem putting on a hockey game when football was going on. Service was great! Food was great!Will definitely be a repeat customer!
One of the best places in Cleveland to go and just hang out.  Laid back atmosphere, friendly people work there.
I thought this place was great, all though rather pricey.  I went for a work meal while in Vegas for a conference.  As a group we got several appetizers.  I tasted the bruschetta and the four cheese pizza which were both yummy.  The others had prawns and calamari which they raved over but I don't eat seafood.  For dinner I chose the lamb chops.  They were absolutely amazing!  My only disappointment was that it said it came with gnocchi and I literally had 8 pieces of gnocchi on my plate.  For $52 for the entree I would expect a few more gnocchi.For dessert I had the italian donuts which were delightful and plenty to share.
Very solid. More upscale than another good local eatery, Beef 'N Bottle, but the service, location, and food is great. The portions here are pretty hearty and the service we get is helpful and knowledgeable. I ordered the lamb and then requested mint jelly on the side. Hopefully, the chef didn't get offended, but I must have that lamb/mint combo!If you want to try on the cheap, look out for their LivingSocial deals, which I don't understand as it's already pretty popular.Their desserts are mostly the "mother's recipe" which makes them have a more local feel. No fancy desserts here, but the key lime pie was a refreshing finish to a recent meal. It had the perfect cheesecake consistency.
This wasn't the very best gelato I've had, but the sheer volume of flavors make this place a fun experience.  Without actually counting them, it looked like they had forty-odd flavors of gelato available that day.  (If it's 64 and hence the name... well, then, I'm an idiot as usual.)I was there about 9pm on a Friday night, and the staff could not have been nicer.  Before deciding, I tasted several flavors and they heaped several more upon me.  "If you like that, then you'll like this..."  I must have collected almost ten of those multi-color mini gelato putty knives that they use as tasting utensils.  I finally chose two flavors:  the peanut butter oreo and the mud pie.  The peanut butter oreo had a rich peanut buttery taste and a smooth, creamy texture.  It was outstanding.  The mud pie was a combination of a few different flavors.  It was a little firmer and left the after taste of bad coffee.  The staff noticed I was sharing my gelato with my wife and gave me two of their sugar cone wedges that they jam into every cup.I'm looking forward to going back and ordering two more flavors from their giant selection.
OKAY THIS PLACE IS SO CUTE. Came here and got the princess platter. Super delicious! They also have board games to play and free wi-fi as well. Will come back again soon :)
I really enjoyed this place. It was cheaper than the nearby hotels, the little food spot right outside the habitat elevators was decent for breakfast sandwiches and pizza. Not to mention their rad staff there who were always pleasant! I had a stellar view of the high roller which looked beautiful at sunrise. I will definitely stay here again. Thanks, Flamingo!
In December, my boyfriend had begun to look for some advice and appraisals on a diamond that was his grandmother's and happened to be in a pretty ugly setting. He just wanted to know what he had overall, so we spent some time wandering around to antique shops that could look at not only the diamond, but the funky setting as well. This was one of my favorite places that we went to because it was pretty crazy in here. It's an extension of the other antique shop in the same strip (Uptown Archaeology), and it's obvious why the man that owns the place has two shops. There's SO MUCH going on here, that you can't imagine even glancing at half of it. SO. MUCH. And that's not a bad thing! That's definitely a good thing when you come to places like this. And don't be afraid to ask about particular items and backstories, because you'll get good answers and probably learn something while you're here, too!
My Nutella crepe was delish, however you will wait for it. The service is fantastic, one of the employees gave my daughter a macaroon and visited with her. A little disorganized but well worth it. Enjoy.
Concur with prior reviews.   Pros -tasty bahn mi at a reasonable price, spacious and will likely return for a date with books. I do wish they have a more extensive selection for lunch currently 4 sandwiches: 2 porks, a chicken , tofu.   They do have a great boba collection.  Will likely be back and looking forward to more offerings.
This is great restaurant.  The salmon and Tuna was cooked perfectly.  Ribeye steak was seasoned well and very tender.  We had Brussels sprouts, peanut coleslaw and mashed potatoes and it was very good.  I would come back to this restaurant and bring my friends.
There are many choices in Old Montreal but this restaurant is truly a gem.  The menu provides a wide selection for anyone's palate from light fare (salads), casual (poutine), to formal (steaks, chops & seafood).  It was perfect for my wife and I.  She wanted a salad and a burger and I was craving something more formal a Porterhouse Steak, which was cooked perfectly.The decor is quite beautiful, giving you the essence of Old Montreal with an updated modern flare.  The wait staff was gracious and fluent in several languages.The full service bar was excellent with a complete array of house specialties and a comprehensive wine list by the bottle or glass.  Finally the price was quite reasonable adding up to a wonderful experience.  This restaurant is a must visit if you are in Old Montreal.
Authentic Mexican food. Great place for locals to find some of the best Mexican food in Las Vegas. A frequent spot for lunch.
I somehow found my self here two times in one week and both experiences were great. The hostesses were polite and efficient and the bartender was very well knowledge on any questions we had on the beer. I really appreciate the managers letting us have our little event there, as I know we were extremely rowdy. Even with us being loud and obnoxious it did not stop the customers one bit, which tells you how awesome Madison can be. The food was great and the beer was awesome.
Solid Sushi Spot in Henderson one of my favorite sushi rolls called the Johnny roll which is crab and cucumber wrapped in cucumber which is amazing the other is the jackpot roll that has these little flakes that make it crunchy and super tasty very good I would highly suggest anybody trying it. Rainbow roll is very fresh very good all of their sushi rolls are incredibly fresh and really tasty. The only downside to this place is that it's a way off the beaten path so you Gotta really want to go to it!
Oh my great goodness the steaks were enormous. Wish we would have known because many people in our party would have shared steaks instead of getting their own. Everyone was pleased, and the special mashed potatoes with cheddar, bacon and jalepeno were out of this world. The Ahi appetizer was to die for.
I am not much of an outdoorsman, but you don't need to be to enjoy this place, surviving a Canadian winter is reason enough to come in. I have purchased much of my winter workwear here, and have even found some of the Redhead branded clothing better than some of their big name brand counterparts they even have a lifetime warrantee on some of their socks which is a great bonus. They carry a wide selection of name brand clothes such as Carrhart, The North Face, Under Armour and Columbia. I have also purchased BBQ utensils from here and have been happy with them. They carry a wide variety of items from tents and BBQ's to socks, shoes and boots, knives, guns and clothing and that's what keeps us coming back, we just might find what we're looking for at a reasonable price here.
Great atmosphere. Great food.  Not from around here, so I can't speak for the locals, but it was enjoyed by these 10 guys from out of town. Ask to get a seat on the 3 rd floor to look over crescent st.
I came here with one of my exes and the food is phenomenal. This place is a great little secret in the college area. The fish is fresh and scrumptious. The prices are really great as well. I highly recommend it and hope I can go back sometime soon. :)
Shady rolled in to Mastro's to commence his epic 8 night assault on Vegas on a sunday evening 8.30. Housed in the Crystals Mall(one word of caution-if u come to Crystals with a special someone plan on dropping a few k$-its 5th ave on steriods). Seated in the neat tree house, Shady and Co. started with some seared Ahi tuna, well presented and delicious. Shady and lucky guest split the bone in ribeye and the crusted Halibut special and side of roasted sprouts. The steak and brussel sprouts were spot on. The Halibut was a touch disappointing, undercooked in spots and with no real oomph in the flavor. The dessert had to be the signature warm butter cake. Big enough for 8, Shady and friend got 1/3 through and called it quits. The creme fraiche was outstanding and the cake as good as advertised. But why so huge? Service was very good, and the vibe very enjoyable. Shady always have reservations ordering fish in Las Vegas, and next time will stick with what Shady thinks is their forte-the meats. 3.5 stars.
Very clever! Shark attack - which unfortunately didn't have the gummy shark in it but they gave my friend a punch card with 10 stamps, but that's only because they forgot about his drink in the first place. That's okay, he said it was still delicious without it.Guava have it - you can taste the Dew and guava more than any other flavors.Life's a peach - I can taste the flavors all around, if you like peach then it's a must have!
It was a lovely place to stay at.  Our place overlooked the pool and had enough room to house our 7 people comfortably for the weekend. Good selection of channels available on the TV, and the kitchen had a stove, oven, microwave, and stuff to cook with, which was lovely.There is good security at the door - the guard asks where you're heading to or who you're visiting at the gate which keeps out random wanderers. Nice bar across the street too if you want some quick and affordable food.You're basically in the middle of nowhere, but though I have not personally tried it, I hear there's a shuttle that takes you from the resort to the Strip.HOWEVER, the BIGGEST downside (in my opinion anyway) is no free wi-fi - you have to pay quite a bit extra for it. When you consider how even really crappy hotels have free wi-fi, it was ridiculous and annoying that a nice place like this didn't offer it. Luckily we were only staying 2 nights. Lovely though the place might be, I would've gone insane without internet for too long, and I wasn't about to give in and pay for their super overpriced wi-fi that should've been part of the package.
The veggie fajita lunch special here rocks! It also comes with free chips & salsa (although their salsa has absolutely NO spiciness, hence the 4 stars).For vegans, get the:veggie fajitas, no cheesesubstitute guacamole for the cheese & sour creamoptional: a side of fresh jalapeno's (75 cents)They tell me their tortillas are vegan, containing just flour, baking powder and one other non-animal ingredient (can't remember what they said).
I would like to give Danny Boys three stars, but it's better than all the competition that I've tried in the area as far as taste, price and quality of pizza. I really haven't found a pizza I can devote myself to in this area. The garlic knots that came with the salad were delicious. We really enjoyed the thin crust pizza we had when we dined in. Very tasty pepperoni and Parmesan recipe. The regular crust pizza we ordered for carry out next time was pretty good too, but not as good as the thin.Some of the specialty pizzas really looked good. Can't wait to try them. It's not Coccia House, but what is.
This place is buzzing with excitement... from live dancers at 11pm every Saturday, to an abundance of meat and salads.. You really can't go wrong!  The only reason why I gave this place a 4 instead of a 5 is that the meat could be, at times, too salty for my liking.  The salad bar is also smaller compared to their downtown location.  Nonetheless, this place excites... If you're looking for great value ($40 all you can eat meat), then look no further.
Not bad for airport food (Terminal C in Las Vegas' McCarran Int'l Airport) - it actually felt like a decent burrito.I got the Green Chili Pork Burrito for $7 and change + tax = $8.10It had pretty good pork and chili sauce, along with filler of rice and beans. or maybe it's healthier that way. anyway, i was filled and pleased.They also do breakfast burritos.They do sell bottled beverages (no fountain drinks), but for $3+ for a drink, i'd stick to the water fountain a little further down the terminal.
I'm basing this review on the happy hour menu. We had a team outing here last night and decided to check this place out. We hadn't initially anticipated doing happy hour, but since we got here before the 6pm cutoff, we decided to order a majority of our meal off the menu. They have plenty of appetizers, drinks and rolls for $5 or less on the menu. We ordered a number of different things to share. I started with a Strawberry Bangkok to drink. It was pretty refreshing, nothing amazing, but good for the price. Here is a rundown of what we ate. Hamachi kama - Not the best yellowtail collar I've ever had, but it was a nice size portion and at only $5 I can't complain. Shishito peppers - A little oversauced, but the flavor was nice nonetheless. Candy cane roll - My favorite of the night. Flavorful and refreshing. I'd definitely order this again, despite it not being on the happy hour menu. 777 roll - Not a fan, despite the $5 pricetag. The flavors were just off and I probably wouldn't order it again. Squid legs - Chewy and overcooked. Really not a fan, wouldn't recommend. Salmon poke - This dish was just ok, although there was a little too much sauce and it was a little vinegary. Eggplant fries - Second favorite dish of the night. I'm not really a fan of deep-fried food but this was light for fries. The eggplant was really tasty and well-seasoned. Skip the mayonnaise dipping sauce it's served with. It was not good. We tried a few desserts as well. No standouts, but mochi is always a safe bet. This was a 3 1/2 star experience rounded up for their happy hour value. Most of the food quality was just ok and I don't think I'd be too interested in paying full price for most of the items. Definitely a great value and worth a visit for happy hour. They accommodated our large party quite well and service was good until the end when it was time to order dessert and we couldn't find our waitress for a while.
Great little park, love to visit whenever it get the chance. Tends to be well maintained. Very active in the summer with baseball, tennis, hockey - everything. Great picnic spot - also near many great restaurants that do take out. Strongly recommend coming here.
Great little spot for cocktails and small plates!  I didn't stay for dinner, but next time I will definitely give this place a try.  The menu looks great, and I suspect they are accommodating when it comes to dietary needs.
My family and I spent two nights here(Wed. & Thurs. nights) after spending three days at the Main St. Station in downtown Las Vegas.The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable.  We stayed in a one bedroom suite which has a king size bed and a fold-out couch which is about a queen size.The Pros:The view was awesome.  We were on the 37th floor with floor to ceiling windows.The bed was comfortable.  I was able to fall asleep easily.  It was also helpful that there was no loud noises to wake you and no smell of cigarette smoke lingering in the air.Good amenities.  If we had stayed here longer, we probably would have made more use of the kitchen facilities.  We did use the microwave to reheat some of the food we had bought downstairs.Good location.  It's located next to the Planet Hollywood Hotel and the Miracle Mile shops...so there are a lot of shopping and dining options located right downstairs.Overall, loved staying here and will do so again in the future.The Cons:Had to call to have some more toilet paper brought up.  But once we did, it was brought up quickly.Not really a con, but we did have to call to have extra bedding brought up for the fold-out bed, but once again, it was handled quickly.
Best place to go to get an amazing Philly cheesesteak sandwich!!!! Whenever I come to area, I always come here. Override a few different places but this place stands out amongst the rest!
Very picky with sushi but this place is definitely worth dining in with great company! Too bad we missed happy hour.. Look forward to their happy hour next time!
Definitely one of the better diners in the area. I'm a big fan of breakfast food any time of day, so I've never had their lunches, but their breakfast is great!
I'm a New Yorker through and through.  Of course I love diners, real 24 hour diners which have that older, shaggy feel:) and the menu has 'disco fries'.  Yes, I can order it that way, but seeing that on a menu makes it.Black Bear Diner is a great diner for this side of the country:)  Unfortunately, it's not Open 24 hours- COME ON!  At least consider the newest location on LV Blvd not far from Blue Diamond to eventually be open 24 hours.  Think about it, once that stadium opens... ;)The staff at all he Black Bear locations never, ever disappoint.  They are bubbly, you can feel the warmth of their personalities and are they speedy!  I mainly frequent the Sahara/Durango location now. That outdoor waiting are with the bears does have appeal!  However, Mindy the waitress is superb. Last time I finished dining, we hugged.  Seriously, go and be seated in Mindy's area and you will know why she's who she is- wonderful!  All the staff are here, but she's my favorite. Yes, as it it everyone has favorites. Food is always great quality ingredients, prepared quickly and arrive in front of you piping hot. I usually order the tuna melt.  Being the NYer I am, I do alter it.  Try it: tuna melt, rye toast, no lettuce, but make sure that cheese is Swiss. I en a provolone would do.  No, step it up and make the change away from cheddar/yellow American cheese please;)Always order a dessert, nope no favorite. WELL, I do.  Not telling, Simply try them all at once or over various visits!Eat well!
I usually stop by Lee's Sandwiches before/after doing my grocery shopping at Lee Lee (right across the street) depending on how hungry I am.I like Lee's because they keep it very clean and organized inside.  They have a nice selection of sandwiches (not just banh mi) and other assorted goodies, plus a bevy of drinks to quench your thirst.Their ingredients and bread have been fresh every time I've gone in, and what this results in is me stuffing my face, all the while going "nom nom nom", and thinking about the ladies from the Nom Nom Truck...oops sorry, I'm daydreaming again!If you've never had banh mi, you might think that it is weird to get a bbq pork sandwich with parsley, carrots, pickled radish and sliced jalapenos, but I implore you to try one.  You just might not go back to regular sandwiches.The only downside is that they only take cash, but then again, it ultimately saves you some dough (worth it!).  If you're like me and would rather just not eat than pay an ATM fee, you might not care, but they do have an ATM machine (or two, I'm not sure) if you forget to bring cash.
This is another standard DD so there's not much else that can be said but it's a personal favorite because it's located right in my office's business park so it gets an extra star for convenience.I must say that their drive-thru has been consistently efficient and the cashiers have been very friendly. For about a month or so, they were out of the Girl Scouts Coconut Caramel flavor which was a personal bummer but, I'm happy to say, it's back in stock.They are located right next door to the Jimmy John's and share parking spaces with them. They are easy to access right off the road via multiple entrances/exits.Our office is in the midst of a move so I will miss them when we're gone!
I go here for the freshly pressed coffee. Fun to try different beans and watch the barista prepare you cup of heaven.
As good as the one in NYC. Same or similar menu and food is just as good. Ordered several plates that were all delicious.
Everything  taste  fantastic.  Really fresh. Only  thing negative  is the price compared to the portion sizes.
We came for Sunday lunch. No one here but thats fine with us. Service was great. Ordered pizza and 8pc chicken combo. 4 of us enjoyed and had leftovers for the week. Food is amazing. Best chicken ever. Kfc who?
I really enjoyed everything about this establishment minus the windy rainy walk there...and the fact that we were starving when we parked and famished when we got there.First of all, the tiny dining area is wonderful. It feels like you're eating in Harry Potter's room beneath the stairs, but in a good way. The only problem was the kitchen door--it leads right into the dining room, which was ok, but the squeak in the hinges made my skin crawl and my teeth tingle every time someone opened it. The choices here were overwhelming mostly because they all sound delicious! I went with one of their soups--the corn chowder--and the Mediterranean hummus wrap. Both were fantastic and I couldn't get enough of the soup!! Also, bonus: pickles that were super tasty! We finished with pumpkin cupcakes, which were probably overboard for my stuffed stomach, but oh so delicious! I love a good pumpkin product and these cupcakes WIN. I'd go back sooner and more often if downtown weren't a nightmare for parking and I had the time.
My mum celebrated her *21st* birthday a couple of weeks ago and her pal dropped off a cake from Mon K Patisserie. It was delicious so my mum and I decided to check out the store today to try their other desserts.They opened 6 months ago so this place is fairly new; however, the baker has experience in many fine Toronto establishments. It's definitely a nice addition to the shopping strip along Coxwell. Mon K is a small family-run business with a very French flare. When my parents lived in Paris, there were many cafes and patisseries that looked like Mon K.Seating is limited, but if you do snag a table, it's a nice place to relax over coffee and something to eat. Their pastries are both savory and sweet; they also have sandwiches, soups, coffee, and chocolate. We ordered a few things today, which were all FOUR STARS:Egg Salad with Avocado and Tomato in a croissant Spinach QuicheCreamy Mushroom SoupGreen Tea TiramisuFrench Style Short CakeBoth the tiramisu and short cake come in a cute plastic container.Good for: sweets, coffee, lunch
This is a good spot for hanging out and watching a game or grabbing a bite to eat.  The food was good and the menu diverse.
Ahhhhhhh this place is sushi heaven!!!!!!! Sadly If I could review sushi alone, this place would be 5 stars but I'm keeping one star because service was ridiculous. I came in with a good friend and my FH. The place was pretty packed with about two tables open. We were told it would be a wait and a party that came after us was seated before us. I think they stepped out and we're waiting as well. There was still one table available but the wait staff were quite busy and sat us almost 25 minutes later at the open table that was available the entire time. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ It took a few minutes to get water and menus and all three of us were going for AYCE sushi. I'd say every roll we ordered we thoroughly enjoyed. They were out of salmon kama and oysters which was a bummer. My favorite was the little tease roll, it had spicy tuna and cucumber inside and was topped with Cajun tuna, deep fried onion and jalapeño with spicy mayo, garlic ponzu and eel sauce. So effing delicious! My boyfriend had almost every nigiri on the menu and he was impressed with the rice to fish ratio, big portion of fish to rice! Nice! All the rolls were not stuffed with rice and we really did some damage and were not stuffed quickly as they give good portion of rice to fish in all their rolls. Service was lacking. We had to ask many times for water and had to fall down our waiters to order more rolls. Even though service was pretty bad I would still come back because the sushi was that amazing.We definitely didn't browse the menu as much as we should have and next time I will be ordering the things is skipped out on my first visit here because I will definitely be back!!!
This place is great! An excellent selection of dim sum dishes. Fresh! Noisy because busy. Good value.One of the best dim sum experiences I've ever had. The atmosphere is fairly standard but dim sum restos that I've been in aren't really big on that anyway. I found the staff helpful, you might have to flag them down to get their attention but once you have it they are quick to sort out your questions/requests. Definitely worth a visit.
Beautiful location, in the heart of the distillery district. Wonderful decor.Favourite items on the menu include their frappucinos, and chai lattes. In terms of desserts, the ginger cookie is my ultimate favourite. Desserts are not made in house, but are still fairly good for a cafe that specializes more in coffee. Traffic in the cafe gets pretty crazy during the weekends, expect lineups out the door. Make sure to plan around that and come either later or earlier in the day, to avoid the crowds, as it is sometimes hard to find seating. Apart from that, a pretty great place!
Its been a while since I've been to this store, but I do love the stuff they carry. A dollar buys you a lifetime pass. Like the other reviews, parking...park on the same side as the store or else you'll be dodging cars. This place isn't cheap, they charge quite a bit for their merchandise. I think I bought a top and it cost me $40? (it was too cute to pass up!)If you're bored and have a few hours to kill and like retro/nostalgia feel, browse here for a bit.oh yeah, don't forget to bring a lot of quarters for the parking meters too!
Food was excellent! We ordered appetizers and I Loved the tuna tartar. It is a Hyde Park restaurant so your salads and side are separate but large enough to share. Lastly the deserts - altough I didn't think the had a wide selection the 4 of us order their banana cream pie.  It was a pie - NOT A SLICE OF PIE!  All 4 us had plenty.
Food is good. We got the Pan con tomate dish and a salad which was good not exceptional. Make sure you use the nowait app to put your name in before you arrive. Overall good experience.
I have been to Pittsburgh several times in the last year and this place is one of my favorites.  Not just because the hot dogs are good and variety or them is pretty good too.  I come just for the beer cave!  Plenty of choice in there and the ability to pick your own is awesome!  It gets pretty packed in there on weekends.  Service is no nonsense.  Best is the beer selection in the cave.  This is the reason for the 4stars.
For those who enjoy Italian, and really who doesn't, then you are not limited to Pizza, especially when there are exquisite Italian restaurants like Prop. It was a Friday night, and we were out with another couple - so I was forced to order fish -but  I was not disappointed - we shared, shrimp crostini, salmon ricotta crostini and grilled sardines as an appetitizer, (I'm sure the other couple ate more than their share) - the apps were thoughtfully prepared, and abundant in fish. Not to mention that having such a variety of fish to choose from is a rarity. The mains (no sharing) we had a hearty fish stew,  grilled salmon and the special Spigola and- Sea Bream - wow, this isn't even a seafood restaurant. we were overwhelmed, the fish properly cooked - showing off the true flavour and proper texture of the fish - beautifully prepared. But it's not just seafood, it's a fine Italian dining, at very reasonable pricing -  I watched other tables enjoy a liver dish, and risotto nero, a black ink risotto.  The portions are filling and you don't feel bloated, and the freshness and quality of the dishes sets Prop ahead of some of the other restaurants in the neighbourhood.
Coming from California, I had hoped that I'd find a good Mexican spot. After many failed attempts, I found this place and took 1st. My only complaint is that they don't have chips and salsa, which is a must.
This was such a chill little gem overlooking the casino in NY NY. We stopped by here when we found out the bar next door was charging a cover to formulate a new plan for the night.  The bartender was very friendly even though as we sat down my friend knocked my water all over the counter. Kudos to him for still serving us with a smile. We had had a few at that point. We had a couple rounds of their 2 for $5 jello shots and reasonably priced red bull vodkas. I wish I had gotten our bartender's name because he closed us all out on individual tabs quickly and efficiently. I would have spent much longer here since I loved the comfortable chairs and people watching but sadly the group wanted to keep moving after our drinks. Until next time Pour 24!
This location has a ton of restaurants and bars surrounding it, so it's super convenient to do dinner and a movie or drinks. I like that there aren't a ton of kids so the arcade area isn't loud. The parking is quite far though as you have to park and walk through the restaurants to get to the theatres. Not too ideal in the winter.
The price has gone up a couple dollars but the food is still cheap as hell! Was $4.99 to $5.95 now.There's always a line up outside but the wait isn't so bad. Great place to go if you wanna have fun with a group of friends and or even a date. The music is pretty up there with all the throwbacks and such, so tip:  not the best place to have a full-blown out conversation ..although on the bright side, the food is preeeeetty good, can't even complain for what it's worth. The poutine is always filling enough to share with two people. Wings were a bit saucy but the size made up for it and the smokey bbq burger was a good, nothing crazy. I wouldn't really suggest getting drinks here though because they are a bit pricey around $7. A friend I went with asked for a double shot, it didn't taste like a double because it wasn't strong so keep an eye for the bartender haha... But overall, it's a decent spot to grab cheap food and catch up with friends.
So I called this place for delivery while I was staying at the Rio. I had visited Hoover Dam, had ziplined from the rooftops of the Rio, bought a wedding dress, and had been walking around and my feet hurt. Once I got to my room at 9:00pm, the last thing I wanted to do was go back to the valet to get my car, or walk around the strip to find a place to eat because that would have taken time and I would have been hungry, cranky, starving and grumpy at 10:00pm while walking/driving around aimlessly trying to find a restaurant.Here comes yelp to save the day. At this point, I don't care who brings me food. There were some bad reviews but like I said, at this point in the evening, with hungry kids in the hotel room, who cares. So we placed our order over the phone and waited...They only deliver to the front valet drop-off area probably because they don't want to take the time to park and navigate the hotel to find your room. That's understandable. The delivery guy called when he was 5 minutes away. We were already waiting downstairs but that was a nice gesture to make things run as efficiently as possible. We expected a guy to roll up and toss us the food through the window but he didn't do that. We were focused on the cars and didn't even spot him until we realized there's a guy standing on the sidewalk across from us holding bags of food. We ordered the fried calamari, orange chicken with sauce on the side, wonton soup, wonton noodle soup, pad Thai, panang beef, crab fried rice, and extra steamed rice. The portions were generous, prices were reasonable, quality and taste were average. It was exactly an hour when the food arrived. I timed the exact moment we called in the order. I think that was pretty quick considering they had to make the food, package it, and drive it to us, all within that time frame. We forgot to ask for plates and they didn't ask us either. The only disappointment is that I expected lots of crab meat in the crab fried rice similar to OSHA Thai or at least some lump crab pieces but instead it was just fried rice topped with a scrambled egg/crab mixture. It also lacked the aromatic crabby smell which I love but overall, it did the job. It fed our starving party of 6 dinner in our hotel room and we still had enough leftover for a breakfast snack the next morning.
I've been coming to Moishe's since I was a kid. It was our go-to family restaurant in the 70s and 80s. The decor has been updated and the waiters are as professional as they come. This is not a fancy restaurant, be comfortable. The portions are a good size so don't fill up on the pickles & cole slaw though you will be tempted to!I always get a half-order of boiled verenikes as an appetizer before my baby shish-kebab. (The best marinated filet mignon on the planet.)On a recent trip with a Moishe's n00b, we were offered a selection of special dry-aged meats. The regular menu was perfect, so I didn't try and my n00bie friend enjoyed his regular rib steak to the point where I had to stop him from ripping the bone in two.We were there as soon as they opened at 5 because we had to make a 7 pm show down the street and we had plenty of time to enjoy our meal but chose to skip dessert.Sure, it's expensive but for the price, you get time-tested quality, experienced staff that won't rush around without seeing you and won't get your order wrong. I still love going there but now that I pay the bill, I prefer to keep it for special occasions when I need to know what to expect!
This store is full of funny saying on clothes of what you want to really tell folks how you feel ;))  "rock is dead.  long live paper and scissors."I just loved this store and got my husband a t-shirt and myself one as well.  For some reason I can't remember what they say right now!  They also have stuff on keychains, pj's, baby clothes, etc.  I paid like $18.00 per t-shirt and they had ton's of sizes and colors.You must stop by and check it out!
I parked somewhere I shouldn't have parked, and got towed. Ugh, my bad. But the experience actually was way better than I expected. Howard and his apprentice offered to pick me up and take me to their shop, since they were in the neighborhood, which saved me quite a hassle. He was professional and friendly (we had some time to kill as we went thru rush hour traffic) and I couldn't ask for anything more.
I've really enjoyed this place the few times ive been here. Atmosphere is low key, the food is good, service nice and they have a respectable beer menu. The red onion burger is one of my favorites in the city
Since my previous post things have been going well. The big day is almost here and hopefully everything goes smoothly. Not having to worry about looking for your own vendors has been a great experience. Having found a place that handles it all has saved me from becoming a bridezilla. Thanks to you all!
This is one of the better lunch spots in Scottsdale. Any salad and any pizza for a flat price (I think $9). Very reasonable. Great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. So many salad and pizza options you will never get bored.
I finally tried Pig and Duke. It's a 3 minute walk from by bf's house, but we've never thought to visit until last night. It was crazy busy and loud since the hockey game was on. TV's are all over the place, I mean, every angle your eyes turn, you'll catch a glimpse of some sport or other. Anywho, despite the huge crowds of people all over the place, it didn't take long to have our server offer us menus and something to drink. The menu is mostly standard pub fare, heavy on the pork products, but does have a few vegetarian options as well as gluten free buns. I ordered a cider and the veggie burger /salad.My bf had a couple ales and the beef burger/mash potato. Our food was good, on par with The Ship's food but at a higher price point, and throughout our server kept checking in. All in all a pretty decent first experience. They have specials on every day as well as pool tables and support Arsenal for those who watch soccer when World Cup isn't on.
It's a great place to go if you like Tex-Mex.  I am not a big fan of Tex-Mex, but I still have had great experiences there.  It is quality food and great service.
Finally visited this place and tried the Spartan which is peppadew mustard chicken themed.  After visiting some other Madison-area sub chains, I wasn't expecting much.  But E&G exceeded expectations.  Friendly and fast service, and suuuuuper tasty sub, complete with actual crispy bacon pieces and non-slimy meat.  Bread was fresh.  Only downer is the inside seating is a bit dark and dim, but otherwise I'll be back to grab & go.
Great to have a brewery not too far. Have yet to try one of their own, but will get there. Could use some help with ensuring staff is on top of refills and ensuring food goes out at right temp, but ambience and choices will keep me coming back. Happy to have them here!
After witnessing one of the top musical acts of all time, we walked into Bobby Flay's upscale, modern Mexican restaurant, Mesa Grill. While we were ravenous, it was also quite late for dinner so we hesitatingly opted for a few small plates to share. Being the mad foodie that I am, I had already studied the menu and knew that the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos were an absolute must. We also chose the Crispy Squash Blossoms and the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla.Stuffed with ricotta, corn, and basil, the fried squash blossoms were also sitting in a pool of sweet pepper sauce. My goodness, these unique fried treats were righteous as ever. After devouring a blossom, I snatched one of the most miniature tacos I've ever seen. The Blue Corn Lobster Tacos were insanely luscious. Filled with delicate lobster, pickled onions, avocado, and topped with a fennel and habanero relish, I was licking my chops with every bite. Let's just say if I was into cursing on my blog, there'd be a few choice words written in all-caps to describe my love for these tacos. I'm just sad I didn't catch a good photo of the beauties. For the rest of my review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/west-coast-road-trip/
We were in Scottsdale for the Thanksgiving Holiday and wanted an easy breakfast away from our hotel.  Perk Eatery definitely fit the bill.Perk is a pleasant cafe serving up good breakfast and really good coffee as friendly as can be.  You'll find old standards on the menu along with some more unique options.  A lot of the menu has a southwestern bend to it.  My wife ordered a breakfast burrito that she was enamored with.  I had a Sonoran-inspired scrambled egg offering that suffered from excess moisture from the salsa, but was quite appealing.  Our son enjoyed his pancakes and toast.I would recommend Perk to anybody.  Especially those that may have small children.  It's located in a strip mall as are most things in Scottsdale.
Excellent place to hang out and have a coffee, beer, or glass of wine.  It's a great little neighborhood hangout spot.
This place was pretty awesome! The ambience alone was amazing! The food was good too, but not sure if it it worth the price.we must've been paying for the experience? Huge, gorgeous fish tank to watch while you dine. Would definitely eat here again next time we stay here!
Great delivery times and the staff all speak English very well, which can be frustrating to place a phone order when they can't. The food is always fresh and delicious, sometimes can be a bit oily though, but it's peanut oil so, meh. If you want Chinese in the Val vista/US 60 area of Mesa, they'll have what you want, guaranteed. And special requests are filled, without a problem.
It took a little time for the repair but that's to be expected with quality work the owner even took the time to check on me to see if my product was doing well and if I was happy with my repair.
Very busy...... I highly recommend making an appt online and you will be in and out. The staff were personable and informative.
+1 right off the strip-1 $20 cover+1 large enough dance floor, well, when you're the only one dancing, the floor is huge+1 almost everyone is friendly-1 the bartender measured every shot and when I told him heavier on the Jameson, he pointed out the camera and made a scared/sad face he gets watched-1 hustlers everywhereSo, I arrived with my crew 10:30ish Saturday night. Some guy tried to hustle us for half the admission price with his passes. Sure, buddy, let's move along now.After some wait, I paid my $20 cover only to discover the club was practically empty. We did some drinking and then by 11, I was the first one on the dance floor. The music was good but they claimed it was Madonna night. And they only played three Madonna songs. What's up with that?I met some nice gay boys. At some point, one of my friends was asking why I was meeting some many people and not them. Ha! What can I say? Gay men love me because I'm one of them?If I had to compare this club to something in LA, I would say it's a really big Mickey's type club. People are more into dancing here than say the Abbey. I have no idea how much drink prices are individually but I think it's on the steeper side. I bought two drinks and a bottle of water and got charged over $35. Make sure you get stamped when you go inside. I somehow ended up outside for a bit and they wouldn't let me back in the way I came because "they were now a different club" and the bouncer wanted to charge me another $10. Hustlers everywhere, I tell you. I had to go back to the front and the bouncer there let me in.
Been to Nimman many times and is one of the go-to Thai restaurants in the Mimico (South Etobicoke) area. Lunch specials are a great deal at just under $10 (depending on options) and served every day, including weekends. It includes a spring roll, salad and soup. The serving for the main dish itself is also a good portion, so you can't go hungry after a lunch special.Haven't tried the delivery service, but only because home is a convoluted mess to find and get to for delivery. I've had my birthday the past couple of years catered from Nimman and it's a hit with the guests. If your group is 15 or less, just order a bunch of individual dishes for everyone to try out. For larger groups, they can do the trays of each dish instead.Haven't had any issues with the service, and staff have always been courteous and meals are usually quickly prepared. Although last weekend the lunch did take much longer than usual for a party of four. Takeout meals are also usually prepared within 20 minutes of calling in.The dine-in ambiance is casual and doesn't get too noisy (depending on groups of diners that are present). Views are either of the parking lot of the strip mall or the park/playground and swimming pool on the lake side. Parking can be limited, depending on the time of day or day of the week. The strip mall has a pet grooming store, laundromat and a couple of other restaurants, not to mention the residential apartments on the second floor. Although no actual bike racks in the plaza, there are some areas bikes can be chained to (railings or in the nearby park). Streetcar stop is right at the front of the strip mall (Lake Shore and Mimico intersection).Dishes I've enjoyed here are: garlic chicken or pork, panang (peanut sauce) curry with chicken, and cashew nut chicken. Beer and wine are also served here.Overall, Nimman is a consistently good Thai restaurant for dine-in or takeout.
This is the date night location of choice when my friend Marie comes downtown. We like to sit at the bar, order a drink and catch up. The service is always great and the bartenders are friendly and informative. We usually grab an app and split then go straight for the carbs. The pasta dishes are great. We mix it up every time and are never disappointed. Date recommendation: grab a table, a drink, the cheese board and then your pasta or entree of choice. Enjoy!
Located in the heart of Old Mtl, Tapas 24 is a tribute to Barcelona Cuisine both classic & modern by Chef Carles Abellan. Vibrant atmosphere great tapas but very pricey. Service was average but the food was excellent.
If you've seen one Starbucks, you've basically seen them all. But this newly opened location inside the Venetian is the largest on the strip, and it's one of the few in Vegas with cold brew nitro on tap. They just opened last week and the staff still seems to be in training, so they're a little slow, but my pumpkin spice frap w chocolate drizzle was worth the wait.  It's located on the casino level where Venetian and Palazzo meet right at the entrance to Sands Expo, so this place will be a total cluster during big shows. But thanks to way too subtle signage and beautiful metal screen walls that make it look like an asian restaurant, it was empty even at the start of a Vegas weekend.Positives - they don't seem to have jacked up the prices further because it's in a casino, it's pretty, has lots of seating and outlets.  Negatives - not much retail, can't use the mobile order option with the app, and you can't redeem your rewards freebies here.
I ordered  a Polish boy and mild wings with Bleu  cheese. I didn't know that they forgot my dip until I got home. The food was absolutely delicious but I had to go back and get the blue cheese which was inconvenient but I don't eat wings without it. I understand that people make mistakes.. my plan was  to give this a 5 star rating. Had the lady apologized for her mistake I would have but the fact that she didn't really seem to care in fact, seemed a little annoyed that I came back for it. I really should give it a three-star but the food was good enough that I'll go back I just know to check my order. On top of that I did pre pay her and gave her a $2 tip on an $8 order which is over 20%.
Went to Thomas Keller's brunch here with 6 friends.  It was early in February of 2018, and was nice enough to dine on the outside patio that overlooked a small pool inside of an elegantly decorated courtyard.  The service was polite and very prompt.  For starters we got mimosas, cofffee, OJ, and a few screwdrivers.  All of the drinks came out great.   Food wise we started off with an order of beignetes, smoked salmon with a petite baguette, a croissant and a pecan sticky bun.  All of the starters came out and were spot on delicious.  I tried each of the above which completely met my expectations.   For my main, I ordered the chicken and waffles and the table ordered croque madam (breakfast sandwich) and the Oeufs Benedict.  All of these meals came out great- a funny note about Croque madam was that it was served with a side of fries the size of a small wastebasket.  In all seriousness, this was the largest side of fries I have ever seen. The sandwich was excellent, and the chicken and waffles served with a crown liquor maple syrup.  It was amazing. The table enjoyed the Benedict but I didn't try it. I'm just not a fan of that dish.  I will definitely be back here.
Always a good place. Wonderful service by Jack who was very attentive to our needs (as in keeping our wine glasses full).  Delicious food that is consistently good. Pad tai was particularly tasty!   Great old town location too!
The service here is great. I ordered takeout and showed up a half hour early, fully expecting to wait 30 minutes before I got my food. Instead, they had it out for me in less than 10 minutes. The woman behind the counter was very accommodating, polite, and nice. The food itself was decent. It's pretty much your standard Chinese-American takeout place so you know what you're gonna get, though the crab puffs I thought were particularly delicious. The portions are fairly sized and not too expensive. Overall, good food and great service. I'll definitely come back before long.
Delicious Korean fried chicken.  Home of Hot Taste offers more varieties than other KFC places in the area, and the quality is better as well.  Great crunch on the chicken, and the heat is amazing!  Convenient parking, and lots of seating inside.
To be honest I am not a big fan of Bobby Flay. Being the son of a famous LA restauranteur I find the whole celebrity chef craze silly. I do have my favorites in that world but for mostly different reasins than their cuisine. So we had tickets to Absinthe and decided to eat at Ceasar's Palace before the show. The menu at Mesa Grill intrigued me so we gave it a go. We started with the tiger shrimp tamale. The flavor was good and the shrimp delicious but the crumbled tamale left me a bit confused.For dinner I enjoyed the veal chop. Honestly this is the first time I had a veal chop but it wont be the last. I am a fan!!! The chop was expertly prepared, cooked, and presented. More importantly with the accompanying sauce it was also absolutely delicious.For dessert we shared an apple cheesecake. To me it seemed more carmel apple than cheeecake but it was very tasty.I have gained an appreciation of what Bobby Flay has done here. Southwestern and Mexican dishes transformwd into a rare experience. His experience, it was a pleasure.
Satisfied caffeine fiend.  I decided to branch out from my daily starbucks visit and went on a coffee date with a friend of mine at Avenue instead.The place is quite small but spacious and I found the decor to be a fabulous black and white, creative yet simple space. The people are very friendly and efficient and they serve illy coffee!!! SCORE!!!!! Granted I only went there for a coffee, the food selection looked very fresh, healthy and hearty, and the prices were quite reasonable. It's a great place to grab a snack or beverage alone or with a small group of people/on a break..... as it has an intimate, yet casual atmosphere!
$65 for 5 classes at 3 hours each ... fantastic value!I really enjoyed my time at the lens factory.  Took the beginner / intermediate class and it was definitely more beginner than it was intermediate.  I also think the class is more geared towards those who own DSLRs than point and shoots.  I felt bad for the more advanced students in the class ... and by the end of the class, the number of students did taper off significantly.Another review mentioned that it was difficult to see the television screen from the back.  Well, when I took the class, there were two large high definition screens for the class to view the presentations.  If the class was filled to capacity it would be a little squishy but it was never full (except for the first day) so there was elbow and crossing leg room.Although the classes were informative, I wish there had been more practical critiques of our work.  The last class was particularly dull and impractical.  75% of the class was spent on the technical side of printing .  Something that would have been more helpful would have been to show us how to prepare our work to be printed i.e, cropping to proportion, fine tuning our editing, etc.  It would have also been nice to go through all the pictures submitted by our classmates so we could see each other's work.  Instead, only a few photographs were shown - even though everyone brought in their work.More homework assignments and time spent reviewing and critiquing homework would have made the classes more interesting and practical.  A lot of the time, the information in our handout/ presentation could have been reviewed in 30 - 45 minutes but it was dragged out.  I also found the most practical advice was given by one of my classmates who seemed to know everything about his camera, memory card, lens, filters, etc.  Thankfully we owned the same camera - I learned soooo much from him! I would definitely consider taking another class at the Lens Factory but I would be interested in trying a different class with a different instructor.  I wish we could have had the pleasure of having Len teach a few of our classes since others have commented so positively on his teaching style.  Oh, and on the last class, Len offered to provide us with a complimentary 16 * 20 print of our work!  :)  Yeah ... I loved my photography class at the Lens Factory :)  You should try it out too.
I do my best to assume positive intent.  I have been to Crave twice. The first experience was less than ideal. Had a 10:30 movie to get to, so I arrived early, 9:45 to order and eat. My friend and I order from a menu that was not complete. Granted the store was less than 14 days old. Ordered the PB&J and when I got it, 20 minutes later, it was the most delicious sandwich I ever had. The peanut butter was sweet as was the raspberry jelly. The powdered sugar was a bit much, but I ordered a sweet entree so that was I got. My friend's order was just as delicious. The fries I ordered were forgotten at the time of delivery. I went back and asked for them. They were ready very quickly.Here is where I now talk about the reconciliation the manager initiated. He asked about the experience and I dodged the question. I really liked the food but the service was not great. He recognized that fact and made no excuses for it. I told him it will get better because he is actively working on it.On the next visit, the service was great. The food was just as delicious and the entire order was correct. The manager and server made sure we were taken care of and had what we needed.Being a new business there are some things they are working on, but don't let those cloud your mind. Yes, the whole experience is critical, but give them a chance. I will be back with even more people.
Good hot dog, great fries and the best pizza puff in the state! We just ordered a few things but will be back for more.
3 words:PeanutButterPuddlesTheir ice cream is just really good. If they're out of PB Puddles, there's got to be another 2-3 flavor combinations that'll tickle your fancy. Just tried the key lime pie and it was fantastic! I only gave it 4 stars because the last few times I've visited Wexford from California, they've been out of P.B. Puddles!! C'mon Bruster's! Don't run out of your best flavor. Keep stock. Anyway, they have other amazing ice creams to make me feel better after they break my heart.
Sometimes the service here is hit or miss...they can get pretty busy. It can also get pretty crowded. But the food is good and the atmosphere is fun and laid back. And can you beat a room filled with beer? Can you beat mix and match six packs? Nope. 35 cent wing night, yum. Crazy deep fried, bacon covered hot dogs, yum.I will say though that I could not go here while I was pregnant...you can smell the delicious beer in the air and the Beer Cave taunted me mercilessly with that which I could not indulge...sigh. That was a tough nine months.Things I don't like so much...tables too close together and too small. The macaroni and cheese is bland, although you can't ask much for two bucks. There is nothing on their website right now other than the menu. Servers can be a bit brusque or forgetful and not refill your drinks without asking, but it kind of goes with the atmosphere I suppose.All in all as a Regent Square resident this is our go-to place to hang out and bring friends and visitors.
Many of my friends have raved about Akahana because (a) their sushi is ALWAYS bogo and (b) their sushi is delicous. After a lovely rainy stroll through McAdenville last night, my fiancé, a couple of friends, and I decided to test the waters.Service: The service was great. We were seated immediately and our waiter was very attentive throughout the evening. Only issue was that it did take quite a while to get the food out.Selection: I am not sure I have ever been anywhere that had such a great selection of sushi. They even had some Christmas specials. Everyone got two rolls (because bogo) and no one's rolls overlapped.Food: Damn. I'm going back tonight. First, my rolls were huge. Six pieces each, but definitely bigger than most rolls I've had at different sushi establishments. I had the Maui Wowee roll (I was on a plane to Hawaii a year ago today) and the Snapdragon roll. EAch was awesome in its own way. the Maui Wowee had some jalapeno pieces in there, so it was a fair spice, and the Snapdragon was topped with mango, so a good balance to the jalapeno. No one at the table had ANY complaints.Price: Akahana is a little more expensive that most sushi places, but where else is there always bogo rolls? well worth it.Like I said, will definitely be revisiting Akahana sooner rather than later. They also offer carry-out if you just want to swing by after work.
By far some of the best Thai food I've had!  We had a great meal here and will definitely be back for more.We had the appetizer platter (delicious - but would be nice if you could make it larger as we had a group of 3 and had to cut everything up so everyone could have a bite of each dish), pad thai, pork in peanut sauce (yum!), a mixed seafood dish in red curry and chicken with fried basil.  All reasonably priced with a great wine selection.  Very friendly and fast service as well.Our only tip would be to make a reservation in advance, although we did not wait long and just did a quick wander to the galleries (open late for Art Walk on Thursday nights in Old Town).
Eating at the soft open right now... renovated so it's bigger. Truly the yakitori here is absolutely amazing. Has that taste that you can only get from a charcoal grill.The gindara daikon was done just right. The fish was soft, flavourful and moist; the Damon had soaked up the base and was just wonderful.Have been here before and would continue going.
What's not to love? We dined here for Valentines Day and it was lovely. Wonderful service, extensive wine list and stiff drinks as my husband put it. I had the Chilean sea bass and my husband the ribeye. What I love is they offer 4 ways to prepare your fish which gives you more options when choosing a lighter dish. We spilt the enormous sides and didn't have any room left for desert (next time). We'll definitely be back.
Got my iPhone 4 screen repaired for a great price. Location is kinda hidden but found it.
We wandered in because I was looking for breakfast & I had driven by lots of times, but with all the construction in the area found it difficult to find a parking, thankfully, I found one. Not only were we greeted warmly, our server was friendly & seemed to genuinely like what he was doing. I find that so refreshing as working in the food industry can be overlooked. I find this kind of work is extremely difficult & have mad respect for those who choose to work in it. Now to the food... absolutely delicious. I had a breakfast bowl and my date had a burrito. The coffee was fresh & delicious. If you like strawberry lemonade definitely try theirs. It's made fresh to order and almost like a dessert. They serve wine & beer as well. The atmosphere is open, relaxing & can't wait till the weather cools, to be able to relax sit outside & enjoy more of their delicious food, which I am looking forward to. Only bad thing, as with most downtown areas, parking can be difficult at times.   Once construction is done I'm sure will get better.
Sam was a great bartender! Super pleasant and kept us around for another beverage when we would have otherwise left! Spicy margs are to die for!
Small little café, very simplistic and charming setup. I had the opportunity to speak to one of the co-owners and he was very polite and approachable, which is always appreciated when you visit a new place.I tried their smoked salmon sandwich, and had a simple filtered black coffee. Sandwich is exactly how you expect it to be, but the coffee was exquisite. I forget the name, but I remembered him describing it as imported from Nicaragua.There is also a small table for little children to accomodate young families when they come :)Note: you need to bring cash! They don't take credit. Can't remember if they took debit...?
Just finished lunch.  The atmosphere was very pleasant.  The food was really good.  I had a custom pizza and feel that it was reasonably priced.  The service was fine and the food came out in a timely fashion.  I was somewhat reticent to go after reading the pther Yelp reviews but experienced none of the conditions depicted in previous reviews.  The fact that they all menyioned yhe same vompetitor makes me wonder if there aren't some shenanigans going on.  My advice is to try it if you like brick oven thin crust pizza.  You won't be disappointed.
Excellent restaurant located in the Mandalay Bay; really enjoyed the hosue made pasta and the drinks were made well too. The server was a little on the arrogant side thats the only reason this restaurant didn't receive a 5 star rating. All in all, I would definately go back.
My family have been regulars at this place for the past five or so yrs and it never disapoints.Staple dim sum with a few unique items that are fairly priced. Steamed items always freshly made on site and not from frozen like many downtown dim sum joints.One additional bonus you don't get with many Chinese restaurants...good service. They're busy so you might not get 5 star treatment...but you won't get attitude when asking for more tea/hot sauce etc.Food portions have been shrinking a bit in the past little while. Might be their answer to inflation. Don't expect it to be quiet either....not the place to do trancendental meditation or anything. Overall a good solid TO dim sum.
Look mom, I'm a player. Ok, not that type of player...geez guys! Get your head in the game....not that time of game! Sports people, I'm talking sports!When you get a free ticket to go to an exhibit, why not go to it...Right?!?! Anyway, it's pretty cool to see what these professional athletes go through it's like being picked first in gym class. Pick me! Pick me! The exhibit is pretty cool because it goes through the history of sports and famous athletes. I really enjoyed the basketball and baseball sections. It is an interactive exhibit, meaning you interact with the signing, photo shoot (yeah, couldn't stop laughing here cause ya pose like an athlete!), and all the tests that athletes go through. You can even measure your feet to see how tiny you are. Let me tell you, I have never felt so short and tiny in my life. Wow. Towards the end of the exhibit, you see the contract you sign and your jersey, oh and the millions of moneys you'll be making!
If only all fast food resembled the lovely cardboard boxes at Smoke's Poutinerie, we'd feel a wee bit different about this degenerate category of consumption. Though the calories and fat are still present, there's just something more attractive about the packaging and contents of this type of quick meal than a paper-wrapped burger or a bucket of greasy chicken.A small portion will more than fill you up, packed to the brim with well-cooked fries, loads of gravy and cheese curds. I don't know why we are slacking on the poutine in the US, but someone needs to get on this and open up a poutinerie in the states. Or maybe not...as I would just end up eating here the whole time, adding to my ever-expanding waistline.
Carne asada fries no beans add rice no onions Is what I always order. Although they got it wrong twice because I always order over the phone. Thus is the best roberto's around. The staff is cool I don't speak Spanish but they always smile when I come in.
Not much of a salad guy, but this place is a salad lover's Mecca. Anything you want. Huge bowl. Lots of stuff. They do an amazing job with their grilled tofu and shrimp, too. Love the flavor. Not too keen on their beverages or their bread/side options. The tomato basil soup is a little on the bland side.Make sure you're there when the cook who owns the salt shaker shows up. Love sitting outside though. Great place to eat at sunset. If you're the evening workout type, this is a an awesome place to grab something light before you head back home. I recommend the Chinese Shrimp Salad. Great combo of smokey, grilled shrimp and mandarin oranges.Overall and Elizabeth staple for a quick and healthy lunch.
Walked in and got immediately drawn towards the converse shoe display, loving the calibration, biggest size is a 13. Unfortunately they were sold out of my husbands size 13, next time.
This Hotel Casino Resort is located off the strip a good 15 minutes or more away in Henderson.  Green Valley Ranch (GVR) was a 5 Star AAA 5 Diamond Hotel, I believe it has lost one of the AAA Diamonds over the years.  GVR is aging and it is starting to show throughout the hotel/resort.  GVR is a very nice quiet hotel with the Casino separate from the hotel by different wings.  The Pool(s) are located between the Hotel and the Casino with Adult themed, family, and children pools with a spectacular bridge that connects the outdoor bar and the main pool. The rooms are showing age but the beds are still incredible in offering comfort and room size is decent (standard).  Not advertised but they charge a "hotel resort fee" for the "amenities" aka wireless internet (T1 speed) even if you do not use it.  There is a good mix of people here with locals and young people to families and serious gamblers.  This is the same resort/casino featured in "American Casino" reality show (canceled) on cable/network.  There is an Arcade and movie theater downstairs, the buffet is quite under-rated, a food court with a Fat Burger, and an outdoor mall located directly across the street with good retailers.All in all I enjoy staying here when I want to get away from the busy Vegas Strip and am looking for some R&R especially for a conference.  The Staff here works hard to please but can be hard to find at times.  It is definitely in need of some updating and work but a nice quiet 4 star hotel none-the-less.
Cool place.  Took my wife and son to the recline and dine (movies.) Overall, pretty cool spot to check a flick.  Prices are decent, the place is clean, and comfortable.  I like the idea of reclining on a chair.  Seats recline and food is served here.  Based on previous reviews I was afraid to order food from their pizza place so I have no opinion on the food.  The movie experience was great though.
I cant hate and I was gonna hate Chinese buffets usually not that great, BUT this place is hands down bomb.com especially for the price, only reason I didn't give 5 stars is that the crab meat had very little crab meat in it, was a pain to eat but delicious it was and all you can eat so yea can't complain. Almost everything was the bomb though nothing cold, and the fried bread with sugar on it ummmm lets just say you need a plate by itself for that one.
OOO & V opened about fifteen months ago, right after Thanksgiving and we've been coming here about once a month ever since.  Their olive oils and balsamic vinegars are great!If you are a foodie, like many of us on Yelp, then this is a must stop.  OOO & V carries flavor infused oils and vinegars.  On most days they have several oils open with pieces of bread to use for tastings  Great idea!Our favorites at this point would be the Garlic and also their Basil, but recently we have been enjoying their Italian Seasoning .  We use the oils almost every day mostly for cooking, but we also love it plain with bread at dinner or on a sandwich.Prices are $15.00 for a 375ml bottle and OOO & V often seems to be running a special on line mostly with Groupon (2 for 1).  I would highly recommend getting on their email distribution list so you can be alerted to their upcoming sales and specials.  Enjoy!
Food was nothing special...definitely have had better Thai. I did appreciate the gluten free menu. The super great service we got is the reason for the 4 star rating! I was really impressed by that.  Also, the cute outdoor patio was nice as well.  The food alone would have been a three star... I tried the pad thai and panang curry.  Maybe other dishes are better?
So many great choices. Glad that we had a large group to order a bunch of dishes to try. The favorite was steam egg custard with lobster roe, perfect smoothCooked just right, tasty dish to go with white rice. The second favorite was the salt egg with bitter melon, a specialty that you don't find in too many restaurant. braised whole duck, spare ribs, tofu with cod fish,fry noodles with seafoods and snow pea leaves are all delicious! Service was good. Great dinning experience especially when the check comes, so inexpensive, such a bargain for a great meal!
Smellsssssss soooooooo nice. After bathing in cigarette smoke from other hotels and casinos, coming back to the hotel was like a breath of fresh air, except it smells expensive. When you first walk in, you'll feel like a bum walking in some fancy shmacy hotel, but every staff member is glad to see you and treats everyone ever so nice. From cleaning maids, doormen, and shuttle drivers. All very cool people.Some tips: *Free shuttle takes you to Wynn or Cesar's Palace, runs until midnight, and later on weekends.*You can checkout using your hotel tv.*Call the valet to have your car pulled out before you head downstairs, because it can take a while.You wont regret staying here.
Great place for groups fresh food all homemade pasta lots of variety and a good amount of seating. This place does not have waiters so it is a seat yourself and order based on what you wants type of mentality. You use cards to charge what stations you want to eat from and at the end everything is put together into one bill. The food is good and caters to pretty much everyone's wants and needs I had the surf and turf pasta with a little bit of beef and some shrimp over with a white sauce it was good however I think the traditional pasta dishes are a safe bet and have never treated me wrong. The bar is fully stocked wine is good quality inn does not cost an arm and a leg and they always have heavy pours. This is good for families or four individuals I would recommend this place to most people.
It was pretty good here. I liked the guacamole with salmon but I LOVED the spicy margarita. I recommend this place for a night out.
This place is right around the corner from my apt so I've been dying to check it out. My roommate and I made our way over around 9pm on a Saturday. The atmosphere was very low-key and casual while still giving off a slightly higher end feel. It wasn't crowded and we were seated right away. We didn't bother ordering any food, but rather stuck exclusively to the drink menu. I got the seasonal BLVD martini, which was delicious and a great summer option. Though the price was steep ($10 for one drink) overall the experience was really enjoyable!
Astomosphere was great. Staff was very friendly. We ordered ywo rounds of oysrer withiut knowing the Happy Hour has passed already. Lol. Their Haopy Hour is from 5 pm to 7 pm btw. I saw a review om Yelp complementing their Chicken burger and I ordered it and it was indeeed very juicy and tasty.
Discovered Tryst (Organic) Cafe shortly after it opened about 2+ yrs ago. Have had breakfast, lunch & dinner there. They have organic everything - food, beer, wine, even vodka - which is what drew me at first. Also many gluten free choices.They've had their ups & downs with service, but it's usually good. The happy hour is limited and should be improved in both hours & choices.My wife & I both love their Seered Ahi Tuna Salad, it's fantastic! We both want and need a good organic cafe in the area and hate to see the pizza place next door packed while the healthy restaurant is lightly filled. Help Tryst thrive!
I was surprised that I hadn't written a review for this place.  I've been here at least a dozen times in the last year or so.It's a great place, friendly staff, easy parking, convenient location, free refills on sodas.  I've really only had the Barry B which is a turkey/swiss/bacon sandwich because I ordered it the first time I came in and never changed.  Their menu selection is just huge with lots of unique sandwiches.  Get the Dutch crunch bread with the crunchy, buttery top.  I think it's probably the best sandwich bread I've ever had.  Expect to pay about $10-$15 for a sandwich, chips and a drink.Forgot to add:  I went in recently for their breakfast sandwiches.  Try The Hangover.  Eggs, your choice of meat, cheese, tater tots, and a really spicy hot sauce.
I had the Victorian fillet with salad and sauteed mushrooms. Steak cooked at medium was perfect and mushrooms had great flavor. They were ssuteed in brandy i believe. Salad was ok. Be better if they used green leaf. Steak had a lot of flavor too and very tender. Good service, not busy so we were seated right away. My mother had April'schicken?? She thought it was very good. I'm on a diet so no dessert but i'd really like to try the salted caramel skillet. It looked sooo good.
Had the beacon burger, was a good burger. They ask you what you want on your burger from there choices on the menu. Fries were different,  unpeeled and a little soft. I would go back, but in not 100% sold on this place. Do sent look like there are many choices,  but is very clean. Took a little long to get my order, but employees were very nice. I would say this is a place that you might like.
Love the tacos!! I had the Carne Asada tacos they are so good. I did have them to go and was surprised with all you get with your order. The tortillas are delicious and are not small at all.
Stop in and grab to Layered Oreo Sundaes took same lady that made them rung them up employees was nice and greeted us. Took about 5mins to make them both they came out good but maybe a lil too much fudge which cause the ice cream to melt too quick for the kids but still good. Shop was clean as well as the table nice and quiet on a Tuesday.
Great little spot! Delish food and coffee. Great service. Good atmosphere. Everybody is friendly and nothing takes too long. I love their stuffed french toast, it's definitely my go to breakfast when I'm at Dairylane!
For the price, the food and service is excellent.   Building and men's restroom need work or I would give it 4.5 stars.
We didn't really come here by choice, but by necessity. Two hungry and cranky toddlers needed to be fed and we had just arrived from the airport and checked into the hotel. But what a great forced decision it turned out to be. The meal itself was rather expensive, but the food was absolutely delicious. We went family style and ordered the pear and blue cheese salad, crispy calamari, steamed mussels, spaghetti bolgonese, baked lasagna, wild mushroom tortellini, capellini, and one of the specials of the day: salmon with linguine. All ingredients tasted fresh, each pasta was extremely good and noodles were all well cooked. I was especially a fan of my pick of the mushroom tortellini. You could smell the truffle oil and the mushroom sauce was delicious. Service was also top notch. Our server was on top of things, constantly clearing plates, refilling our waters, and bringing new plates or utensils when necessary. I'm now officially a fan of two restaurants inside the M Resort.
Wound up spending an entire afternoon here (thanks to snow), and was pretty impressed.It's a calm, mellow place, one of the few pubs in town I've actually found where I can carry on a conversation and hear myself think. An extra bonus was the fact they were playing swing and blues music - and their selection was so good that the swing DJ I was with was actually asking them for details on where they'd got the music and running songza for almost every song.The food is decent - nothing brilliant, but good and effective at filling you up (I ordered the quesedilla, and it was a bit skimpy on fillings, but ok). The staff are really relaxed and calm about you moving about the place (from table to pool  table to another seating area) and all ordering at different times. I really appreciated that the waitress wasn't fussed about us paying up immediately - she knew we were sticking around for the evening and didn't hassle us at all, but checked in occasionally to see if we needed anything else.The fact that they let us host a blues dance every month here is also a huge bonus (and the reason I was there). A bar that's happy to give over a full section to a bunch of people enthusiastically flailing their arms around without charging us cover fees to do so? Major plus in my books. All in all, it's a great place to relax with friends and while away a lazy, snowy weekend day - and an amazing place to go and blues dance if you enjoy that too (second Sunday of every month)!
I don't know what the others are talking about !! Our Servers where Great !! Drinks Where Great, its tough to make a Great Brandy Old Fashioned and they did !! Food Quality was Great and timely.I was turned off because Parking is not validated. Thats kind of crappy for the amount of the dinner bill.
Sat down starving from the trip in to Vegas and was greeted by a wonderfullly friendly wait staff that knew thier menu inside and out- I love that!  The bread baskets are a meal in themselves since each type of bread is delicious you have to try them all.  Ordered the salmon which could easily be the best meal I've ever had in Vegas and maybe the U.S.  Pricing is steep but no steeper than any other dining establishment in Vegas.  If you're in town make it a point to go there.
3.5 stars rounded up to 4... We came here for Sunday Brunch... it was a MUST on our to do list because Stella could not stop talking about the bread basket... lol... she even mentioned it to our server a few times just to make the point across that we MUST have this bread basket. lol.  When we did get the bread basket, it wasn't as great as she remembered it to be... she said they changed it up... I wasn't too impressed with it either... I just took a bite out of every type in the basket to see what the hype was about.  For appetizer we shared the Salmon and Tuna Tartares, which we were told was new to the menu... it was served with deep fried plantains and on the menu it said blue corn flatbread, but we had one small piece of blue corn chip... which I guess was the flatbread... I don't know.  We all ended up getting the Mesa Burger which was really juicy but it was too much burger for me... I ate half of it and I couldn't even pick at the other half... I tried just eating the meat but I gave up.
Ordered sushi pizza and extra salmon sushi combo.  Food came quickly and the quality of the salmon in the sashimi was very good.   Food quality was good, portions reasonable, and prices are reasonable.  Good place to come for a quick meal.
Very typical Chipotle location. Good food, but my one concern is the employees. They always seem to be in a rush and don't seem too concerned work customer service. Not to mention, there's always so many of them standing on the line, which causes confusion and a backup in the line. Other than that, this location is fairly consistent with other Chipotles.
I'm not a rookie of Famous Dave's - the BBQ here is great and the variety of sauces gives you something for everyone's taste. We weren't so hungry that we felt like pigging out so we ordered the two item special, added another side dish to it, and split the entire thing. They need to put more two person specials on the menu. The 2 for 2 isn't they anymore but I heard another table ask and was able to order it anyway. Ask questions about the side dishes. I must have missed in on the menu but they had two types of Mac and Cheese, one with jalapeno peppers. What a terrible addition to Mac and Cheese. When we asked about it they switched it for "standard" without a problem. No complaints at all about the service - first class every step of the way and always with a smile. The total was about $30 so they're not inexpensive. Although it doesn't have the outstanding taste of an outdoor BBQ with the the family recipe, their BBQ beef is always tender and delicious. I'll keep looking for the genuine BBQ taste, but until I find it we'll keep coming back.
The jukebox is incredible.The Bloody Mary menu is fabulous, although not all of the bartenders know how to make all of the drinks listed - but that goes along nicely with the Beaver's je ne sa qua.  The Bloody Mary with wasabi in it is inspiring - even more so if the wasabi isn't mixed in well and (like me) you like to get every sip possible out of the bottom of your cup.Can get crowded, but there is room to mill outside.
The place was great, but a few things we where rushed and hovered over the entire time. We where also being watched as we ate our meal which was uncomfortable. Also they don't take America Express and there isn't any sign that says they don't take them. So if you have AMX good luck they don't take it.
We recently took our almost 2 year old daughter there and she enjoyed it a lot.  It was a really cool place and the price was definitely worth it.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the younger kids area is small, which is normal, but they allow up to 6 year olds.  A small kids area should go to about 3.  The difference in coordination and development is huge in those ages and the 4-6 year old were running around dominating the area when there is plenty of other places that they could be playing.
My first time here, it was pretty good! Servers were attentive fast, and the prices were not too bad as well! They have good prices for desserts that are good to share for 2. They also give you a free macaron ice cream per Yelp review (I think that's amazing since macaron ice creams are 4 bucks each in kbbq's that I've been to!):)
Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and I could not resist a slice of pizza and a beer for $5. It turned out to be a good choice. I liked the pizza. It has a crispy crust and they really load up the toppings. It's also a very large slice of pizza. I was pleasantly full after just one slice. Not that it stopped me from ordering a second slice.We also tried the bruschetta appetizer, which was quite good. The serve a bowl of the mixed up toppings with a generous portion of toasted crostini. My only complaint is that the mozzarella really needed to be chopped a little more finely. The chunks were large and there were only about 5 or 6 of them, so you could really portion it out well for a couple dozen crackers. Not a big deal, really.I'll be back.
The tasty touch offers decent value for your money. I have eaten here once, I had the chicken tikka masala. It was spicy and good. I ordered the naan bread, which was your typical naan bread. Again, the prices are good, quality Indian food in the neighborhood.
Just to get it out of the way, I don't have any experience with Malay cuisine. I do like Asian cuisine in general, and spicy food as well. The wife doesn't like spicy food as much as myself, but isn't afraid of it anymore.The wife and I started with Roti Canai. The tortilla-like bread was fresh and warm. The menus says crispy, but I didn't get that. It was more like a tortilla fresh from the griddle to me. Good, but unremarkable. The curry sauce was delicious. I'd gladly eat a bowl of it as a soup, in fact, I did just that once we were out of pancake to spoon it onto. I'd definitely get it again, though I'd ask for it to be spicy.I got the Pad Himmgpan with chicken for dinner. A nice mix of meat and veggies. It's not a wet dish, so all the flavor is on the food, not leaving much for your rice. The flavor was great, the menu said it was spicy, but the spice was moderate at best, the only bit of heat coming from the jalapeno slices cooked in to the veggie mix and the non-edible red peppers. Normally I'd ask for it hotter if I went back, but the flavor of this dish was so good I'd be afraid of any additional heat coming from the addition of something that would throw that flavor off. The chicken in my dish was exceptional. I'm pretty harsh on chicken in Asian cooking, as it often comes off rubbery and tasteless. This chicken was tender and flavorful. I liked this dish enough that I will have a hard time not getting it when I go back.My wife got the Curry Laksa, an enormous bowl of noodles and veggies in the curry sauce our app was in, though it seemed less spicy. She enjoyed it, though the sauce was probably too thin to carry much flavor to the noodles. If she got it again, she might skip the noodles entirely.The service was fast and friendly and the food was good. I definitely want to drag my wife back and try it again.
Best Dim Sum in Charlotte. I love the no frills, strip mall appearance of the restaurant. Staff was very friendly, food came out quickly and was delicious! I have been here on Sundays when they push the carts around - I like that so you can "see" what you are ordering. I did Dim Sum last night and went off of the pictures on the menu (see picture). Price was OK, not too expensive or cheap. I will go back. More fun with a larger group of people so you can share!
I love a gourmet burger and this place has a fabulous burger: great quality meat, sharp cheddar cheese, crispy bacon and on a toasted pretzel roll.  I substituted fries for Brussels spouts and they were delicious. They have an expansive list of local beers on draft, with representation from many of Charlotte's local breweries.  I'd pass on the beer cheese soup next time; it wasn't very flavorful or creamy.
View is amazing! The black swans swimming in the lake are sooooo beautiful and happy! So maybe I did just took some bread from the basket and fed the swans. lol. They did look hungry.When you walk into the restaurant, you really are not in the restaurant. The 1st room is the wine shop, huge selection of exotic and very pricey and hard to find wines. I did have the fortune to meet one of the owners, and she's definitely a wine enthusiast, and possibly a botox enthusiast as well. We got a seat right by the window, and a nice sweet lady came to take care of us. She was easily one of the best waitresses I've had: super attentive, sweet, patient, and anticipated our needs before we even opened our mouth to ask. Very lovely and very intelligent. I got the foie gras appetizer which was nothing short of amazing, both in flavor and presentation. The crab salad was very fresh, light and very refreshing on a hot summer day. I got the duck entree, and that was cooked perfectly and flavored just right. Last but not least, the chocolate lava cake was so pretty, and tasted even better. Definitely recommend, and for sure check out the wine shop.
OK, This place is fantastic. It feels miles away from the casino even though it is in the casino. We went at least 8 times in our 3-night PH stay. We loved the formula which reminded me of the Cheesecake Factory with the super-sized creative dishes. We finally made it to breakfast which is one of my complaints since they serve "breakfast" 'round-the-clock but the real breakfasts are only in the AM. Like more variety of omlettes and waffles.So my big complaint is how we charged our 12:30 AM dessert and coffee tab to our room. At check-out my darling noticed our extras tab had a swollen total for that dessert visit. Don't mess with Meg. Our bill was $17 and we left a (fair) $4. tip. Especially considering the restaurant happened to be out of half and half (I went next-door to Starbucks and brought back some in a tasting cup) I understand a restaurant 86'ing on stuff but vanilla ice cream? Di had to have a hot fudge sundae with the only remaining flavor, strawberry. But for our waitress to give herself a $17 tip ON TOP of ours, I'm sure she must-have sized us up as guests who wouldn't nit-pick the tab. The tip was bigger than our bill.We got the credit at the desk after Meggie produces our receipt and the next night I called the shift supervisor, Matt who was very interested in our situation. He offered us ONE free meal. I was disappointed in his gesture. But we will go back for sure. Any place can have a shady employee and it barely affects my warm, fuzzy feelings about Planet Dailies. In fact, at our breakfast (10:45 AM) When our amazingly cheerful waitress actually read back our table order memorized, Di had never had a wait person do that before. She was really impressed. The food is high-quality fabulous. The atmosphere is great and their coffee is that kind we lust over. Real coffee shop coffee with that hint of chickory. We love that you can go right up to the counter with the stools in the middle of the restaurant and get coffees to go. Starbucks is too strong for my darling. So it would have been 5 stars if we didn't have that desperate waitress.
Great spot in the heart of Boulder City. Friendly staff. Good food. Good drinks. The Bloody Mary was great buuuuttttt Johnny Macs in Hendo got it beat. But I love this spot and will be back.
Sweetie and I went to Global this past Thursday night for a nice dinner with friends.  Reservations for 5 were accommodated and off we go.  Nice location in downtown Pineville since it was on the main street it was easy to find and plenty of close parking.We stepped in and the place was pretty full.  Nice bar and seating area, but they also had a setup upstairs where we went.  I felt bad for the waitresses walking up and down but once I tasted the delicious offerings my lack of empathy kicked in.  On to the food!Sweetie and I split a She Crab Soup and once it came we were immediately sorry we didn't get our own bowls.  It was delightful and rivaled any She Crab that I've had in the "big" seafood areas like Charleston.  It was creamy, well seasoned, and quite honestly soul saving.  You can tell the person that made it knew what they were doing.I ordered the Diver Scallops and Sweetie had the Sea Bass.  Scallops were big and Gordon Ramsey would have been proud at the preparation.  Bouncy, yet firm and covered with a pickled something or other and a house made sriracha rounded it out.  OMG, the sriracha was perfect and added a nice kick to the dish.  Sweetie is a virtual Sea Bass Connoisseur and said it was the best she's ever had.....a statement not to be taken lightly!  We shared a chocolate torte for dessert and called it a night.Global is priced well, had many good menu offerings and we will definitely be back.  Well done!!!
We came here with the MGM execs and they hosted our dinner with patically everything on the menu, steaks were well aged, sides were as expected of Michael Mina. Delicious.Must orders: appetizers wagyu satay or tartar, lobster fritter or bisque dont forget the foie gras slidders. Main, dry ages bone in rib eye, american wagyu rib cap, of course a5 japanese wagyu enhanced with grilled foie gras, king crab or just top any steak with foie gras butter. Why not? Sides spicy zucchini, smoked mushrooms and bone marrow. Deserts: everything..we literally had everything. A true perk when you work for an event company, the restaurant sites. They serve you only the best on the menu, at this place they served everything and everything is the best.
周末请饮茶，听讲唔错，琳住吃好d就选择离呢度。12点几仍然要等位，假期无办法啦。门口入去大厅会见到隐蔽鱼缸养住鲜活大皇帝蟹和大龙虾。餐馆大厅几大气，高大上，特别是寿司吧的位置。可能晚左离，想试招牌点心黑金流沙包卖晒了，点了黑金奶油糕，其实就系黑芝麻糕加奶油，因为都几大一件，好饱肚，少少痴口。翡翠杂菌饺和樱花虾墨鱼卖都ok.可口萝卜海鲜馃原来系炸既，少少热气。价钱稍微偏贵
We come here every visit to Vegas, so once a year? And every year the food gets better and better. I always order the combination beef noodles aka boat noodles. Excellent! Almost comparable to the boat soup in Thaitown, California. This time I also ordered the papaya salad lao style. It was okay. I can make better, hah!
I enjoy this spot. Pizza is good. The BBQ Polo is my go to pie. The serve Krombacher beer, A great german beverage. They recently renovated and Im sure it was needed but perhaps they went a little too "high end". Over all a good experience for a restaurant I visit often.
Great kids playground near the airport. My 5 and 3 year olds spent two hours here and did not want to leave.Massage chairs and coffee available in the parents lounge area. We will definitely be back next time we're in Vegas.
One of the few true Cowboy bars left in Arizona, and this place is a run down and rusty house of fun.  The food is good, especially the Friday night fish fry, and the beer and food is inexpensive and well made.  A Green Bay Packer bar, the place hops on Sundays.  Go there, dress casually and have a nice time.
The burgers here did not disappoint... The food is 5 stars. We had a Bang Bang with house made fries and a TNT with quinoa salad. All absolutely delicious. Cooked to perfection on soft buttery brioche buns.  Bang Bang sauce is like a gourmet version of "secret sauce". Fast casual setup; order at the counter and take a seat. Good local, but limited beer selections.  The place itself is nothing fancy, simple booths, random background music... No atmosphere at all really.  But that's not a reason to dine somewhere anyway. The price point is perfect. Will definitely be back for more burgers!
I got married at Victoria's wedding chapel April 13 2013 I travel from Los Angeles. Let me start off by saying my experience was exceLLent it was a few minor things hat I didn't  understand but overall I had a great experience. Amber was my wedding coordinator and she was great every email that I sent her she always reply even for the little things she communicates well and she is very nice. The limo driver pick us up on Time and it was a smooth ride there and back by the way they threw the limo in for free. :-) . The DJ playing everyThing ThaT I requesTed and more. He was awesome He had tHe party going on all nigHt. The phoTographer Took a loT of good pictures I just wish I would have got a little more couple pictures verses reception pictures. This venue was nice and big enough for my party I had a guest count of 50 ppl.  I didn't get a chance to get a food testing before the wedding but I am pleased to say the food was great. And the wedding cAke wAs even better the downfall about the wedding cake was that I had a four tier cake and most of my guess had to leave before it was cut and all of that cake I only receive the top tier which is the smallest here I was expecting to take more cake home to some of my family members that couldn't make it. But oh well I had a good time.  Now the reason victorious wedding chapel didn't get a5 from Me is because my total package was 4700 that is with an upgrade on the cake and all of the things that I thought was included wasn't included like for example on the contract it states we will place a party favor at each person but they didn't say that I had to bring the party favors I was a little disappointed that I have to still work out and get those at the last minute luckily I came in a head of time. I also had to go run out and get a Guest Book in a box for the cards the box they had for the cards was unacceptable. I also brought in my own centerpieces the ones that came with my package just wasn't it and the upgrades were too expensive to be rended. Now they did provide me with extra tables for some extra things that I wanted to add like my candy bar. I also was disappointed when I walked in it look the same way as when I came to view it I thought maybe they would have balloons r something extra but it was exactly the same.  I think they should just be a little more specific when writing the contract But don't get me wrong it was still beautiful even though I had to add my extra touches.  And I would definitely recommend Victoria's wedding chapel to any of my friend's.
Used to go to the River location often when I lived on the Westside. I now go to the Broadview Heights location and the food is great! The service has always been so so at either location, but the food makes up for it. REAL better ingredients, better pizza! Nothing in B heights or Royalton comes close!
Great new location on 12 street north of Glendale on the west side of the road. The place is BRAND NEW and the atmosphere is just awesome. I come here on Thursday mornings after a run with a few friends and the food is pretty darn good. So far the biscuits & gravy with subside egg is just ridiculously delicious.  I also love the chiliquias (probably spelling it wrong), the oatmeal is great and so are the burritos. I do wish the coffee was self serve but it's good also. They have lots of room inside and just a beautiful courtyard outside where we usually sit. They sell lots of little stuff too like Cracker Barrel but not nearly as much, lots of pastries too.
The pizza was good but a little cold, delivery took longer than expected, but all in all the pizza was good. I will highly recommend if you are a fan of good pizza.
food was good, but menu is really small, normal prices (for vegas). if you cant get a table sit at the bar they have a full menu.portion size is small so sample the items and reorder what you like! the quesadilla was pretty good, taco were kinda wack.also really close to pure so good for a pre party snack
The menu prices have changed, but the food was good, the service was great, and they even have almond milk for your coffee/tea. The only thing we didn't like was that there isn't a kitchen fan, and my jacket smelled like breakfast meats for hours after we left. But we would definitely go back for the good food and friendly faces.
One of the largest restaurants in Chinatown, the Regency Palace is a great place to go for dim sum, lunch or dinner anytime.... providing that you do NOT go to the buffet and order a la carte.  If you do go to the buffet, the food will be 2 1/2 to 3 star at best, and compares with most chinese buffets at any other place though with a pretty decent dessert buffet as well.Being the largest, I never have problems finding a table for dim sum, and throughly enjoy the food.  Broken into 3 parts, 1 fixed station for the most popular steamed items, 1 fixed station for the most popular fried items, and the traditional mobile carts comprising the 3rd part, dim sum is efficient, fast and fresh.  In groups of 6 or more, their set menu dinners are fantastic.  At a value of 20-30 a person, a group can have a feast of 7-10 dishes, all freshly made to delight friends and all.  One special note, it's probably the best chinese place in Calgary that can accomodate private groups from as few as 10 to as many as hundreds.  Plenty of small private rooms and even a dance floor with a stage for a live band.
Summer, Sunday on a hot blazing afternoon, what to do? Prep up with your culture and history, and explore this place, for this is the ghost of Vegas that you would want to know especially ESPECIALLY if you are a local.Some really cool tidbits that you can check out here:- a slab of a Wooly Mammoth fossilized bones with bite marks- old postcards and chips of long dead defunct  casinos- the Donner migration story- Area 51 exhibit- stuffed/taxidermed animals of the LV desert- the Pauite Indians - Elvis underwear (just kidding)This is one place where one can dehustle the bustle of the strip, yes I like the pool too, but this is knowledge one can swim without drowning. I am surprised that this is literally a ghost town when I was there; I fervently pray that kids are introduced to this museum as part of their education, and that funding continues for its  viability. Locals get a discount on admission, PLUS the pass entitles one to visit Springs Preserve. If shopping or souvenir is a motivation, I heard the gift shop is highly rated, let me know if that is true.
My boyfriend and I came here for brunch and I'm super happy he took me here.Note: as someone who doesn't live in CLT, I was a bit curious about Charlotte's brunch scene. But I really thought this was a well thought out brunch menu, wonderful service, and ample space to  boot!It is buffet style and my assumption is that the offerings rotate, so they have the 'selections' listed on the menu they hand you. Included in the brunch buffet is 1 specialty item. We got the french toast and the huevos rancheros as our specialty items, and then hit the buffet to our hearts desires. Can't speak for bae, but my french toast was great.The food is on the heavy side -- that is, carbs galore. I felt comfortable indulging, but if you're looking for something healthy-ish....I'd probably go someplace else.Really casual spot to go with friends, partners, parents in from out of town. The ambiance is conducive to any number of people dynamics. They also have beer on tap (duh its a brewery) and I enjoyed their IPA selection. I had the "You Bitter Bro" IPA -- 7% y'all -- and it did not disappoint. For those who want a breakfast drink:- Mimosas and bloody mary's were $5 a pop- "manmosas" (eyeroll) were $8- Specialty breakfast cocktails - $8 i think?Overall, really fun time. But I'd prob recommend doing brunch and getting a beer on tap in lieu of a sweeter drink.Additionally, the french toast comes with caramel drizzle and waffles come w/ raspberry puree -- both, while nice additions, are too sweet for me personally. So definitely ask your server about the sauces they add onto the food before you order for awareness.
If you don't like French cuisine, don't bother traveling to Montreal :D...you might as well pack your own food from wherever you're traveling from. Fortunately for me, it's my favorite cuisine so Montreal is heaven, for me at least; 2nd to Paris of course. Restaurant G-M is a good spot and this is why:Food:+ Short Ribs. It was written on their blackboard and is one of their staple dishes. It was damn good...a bit salty for my liking but it was done as short ribs should be. Lonnggggggggggggggggggggg slowwwwwwwwwww and falling off the bone when your fork touches it.Service:+ It was good, friendly, attentive and "just there."Fermented Grape Juice:+ It's a French restaurant and thus the wine list is mostly French wines. I love Bordeaux and thus for me, it was an easy pick :)I will definitely go back especially because it is located very close to the Westin Montreal (within walking distance) THIS has been a review by Gaurav
I loved their mission and atmosphere.  The food was some good, some not so good.  The fried chicken was very dry, but the collards, black eyed peas and creamed corn were great!  I love pie, but why do so many restaurants fail at piecrust.  It was uncooked tasting and thick.  Piecrust should be flakey!  So, would I go back? Yes, but would probably order the vegetable plate.  Love what they're doing.
Went to this place last night for Cleveland beer week. They had a taste of Chicago featuring 3 floyds, revolution, 5 rabbits. I am huge 3 floyds fan but they only had one and surprisingly I liked the revolution the best. Anyway craft beers were a nice 5 a piece and the sampler was a very reasonable 10. I dont have a problem spending $ on good eats or drinks but I appreciate a fair if not affordable price. This place is huge for the price. I would pay double and give it 4 stars. (management please dont read this)As we were about 20 minutes from home and beers were flowing we decided to try the menu. We started with the black bean and chorizo soup. Obviously home made love went into this as it was creamy and spicy with great flavor. Could have used some cilantro to brighten it or a dab of sour cream to lighten it. Otherwise wonderful. Next we tried the broccoli tempura. What the heck right? Now we all have had tempura that was over coated with gobs of uncooked batter everywhere...this was far from that. The guy in the back knew how to prepare this. The broccoli heads were essentially cut in half and left whole then battered and flash fried. They had to have blanched them and peeled the stalks because the florets all the way to the stalks were perfectly done. So you ask why am I spending this much time on a tempura dish? Well they give you not one, two but three sauces! These were awesome and were a sweet/sour chilli that layered the bottom, A siracha mayo on the side and a plum sauce to boot. This dish is for two or more to share. We split a walleye sandwich that was gone as soon as it got to the table. The filet was fresh and had a wonderful tartar sauce. Service was outstanding and barmaid was working her butt off as the place got very crowded by 630. Will try again soon and if same then this place may get the 5th star.
I have always loved going here you can call me bias because this was my grannies favorite but they recently re-did the linq which is just outside the casino and makes the appeal of staying at the flamingo even better. It's on and poppin over there every time I go. Plus all the new food and restaurants are so dope and the atmosphere is great. If you want to be in the middle of everything stay here and the rooms aren't great but who's tryin to stay in the rooms anyways. Just a little dated. The dranks be flowin, they are not stingy at all.
for $8.. it was a very good value haircut. If you just want a cheap affordable haircut, and don't mind the rest (the inside is cheap, dirty, sweatshop feel), this place is for you.
Stayed here between 12/26-12/28. Nice hotel with a few problems associated with aging hotels, and it is a bit off the strip. The room was excellent. My friends and I stayed at a studio suite, and it was a great room: two televisions, a queen pullout bed, a king bed, single bathroom, stocked fridge (you have to pay if you want any of the items), a fridge below that for your goods, an electric stove, a blender, the full works! It's a great room. There were a few things that were associated with general usage of the room like the lock on the bathroom door was a bit jammed and the television was slow when switching channels. Wifi was a bit slow, but works fine.My biggest problem with the Palms Place is that it is disconnected with the casino and parking. It is a big annoyance and takes about 10-15 minutes to walk from the hotel to the casino. If you don't mind walking (time to walk off the buffet!!!), then it should be fine.Bill Tip: There is a free shuttle that goes from the Palms Casino to Caesars Palace every 30 minutes until 8pm. Take advantage of this!Bill Tip #2: Depending on your location, a cab ride from the strip to the Palms Place would be between 12-18.
Nice stadium.  But definitely review the stadium policies for bringing in food and water.  The price for water, yes a half liter, .10 cent retail bottle of water is $4.75 in the venue.  Seriously?The workers almost seemed embarrassed.I understand mark-up, but selling water for about half the price of beer?For each attendee, you are allowed to bring in two bottles of H2O.  It's serious worth the effort.
We hosted a group meet here for 11 friends at a birthday celebration. The staff was accommodating and very attentive. All the different dishes we tried were all great. Of course I tried the famous Beef Tips and was impressed, not your average bar fare. This place is great, if you're ever in the South part of town, worth the stop.
Looks kinda sketch from the outside but the inside of the bar is surprisingly well kept and updated. I came here with a group for New Years Eve because simply put, PT's is the only bar around offering a happy hour all night long on NYE in Vegas. I cozied up to the bar and was immediately seen to by the bartender - I had a big boy Coors Light ($2.75 HH) in my hand in no time. I loved that this PT's had a crazy diverse playlist. Any bar that plays "Stillborn" by Black Label Society is fine by me. There's quite a few pool tables here and even shuffleboard! Service throughout the night was great. Employees cleared empty glasses from our table multiple times by the pool tables and asked if we needed anything else. As midnight approached, we were handed small cups of champagne and party favors.  My only complaint is that I smelt like an ash tray after leaving the bar. :( Most PT's bars I frequent do not have this residual effect. All in all, I had a great time here for NYE.YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2016: #1
Excellent night out on First Friday: great drinks & sweet atmosphere... it definitely lived up to all the great reviews here. And since it's in my hood, I'll be frequenting this place again & again.
It really depends on what kind of food you want. I would grade this at the level of KFC, but a lot of people love KFC. The food quality is on par with fast food. If you don't mind that, you will like this place. Personally, there was nothing wrong with the food. It was "good". I just prefer higher quality food. But I'm going to rate it for what it is. So it will get four stars because it does not advertise as fine dining. The green beans were clearly canned green beans (nothing wrong with that). The mac n cheese was like school cafeteria mac n cheese. The hush puppies were really good. The pork is fine. It's priced appropriately. Again, all good food. I ate all of it. It's your typical soul food. The staff was friendly. The clientele was friendly. There were families there and your typical regulars tucked away and hanging out at the bar.
Affordable drinks, nice bartenders, good vibes. I digged the lights hanging from the ceiling, nice effect!  Good crowd plus they have food! Good burger!
Not dissimilar from Janey's, Firecreek Coffee Company is exactly what a coffee house should be.  With Firecreek, after speaking with the roaster, you can tell their serious about their beans.  Not only is the coffee solid, but they have a great variety of loose leaf teas; my favorite was their mint tea.The inside was clean and simple.  It's great to sit inside because there's a lot of natural light pouring in. Sitting outside is nice too.  I think this is one of the perks of going to restaurants and coffee shops in Cave Creek/Carefree; you get away from the artificial "Pleasantville" feel of most of the prettyfied places of the PHX metro area.  Places like Arcadia Farms in Scottsdale and Nobuo downtown are some exceptions.Their baked goods here are delightful and fresh.  The breakfast burrito is pretty good also.  What's nice is the chef really wants to make the customer happy and is willing to change things up for you.  Not that you want to be the pain who asks for a gizillion substitutions, but it's nice to know if you have a friend who's a vegetarian, the chef is flexible.The staff are down-to-earth and kind hearted people.
It's in the middle of the strip which is why I keep coming back. They have done a lot of renovations since the last time I was there. The rooms are nice. They aren't super fancy or anything but I mean really, how much are you in the room anyways. They moved Cut and took away one of my favorite little crappy "get steak and eggs at 3 am" place. The rooms are very accessible as far as getting to the strip and back. Honestly, best bang for your buck! For 6 nights, it was $380 and that was me making reservations 3 days in advance and in summer!
Came here with a few friends after wandering the area looking for restaurants to try out. We each ordered a lobster roll and also ordered the fried clams and buffalo shrimp. While I found the fried clams to be a bit on the salty side, the lobster roll and buffalo shrimp were really good! They didn't skimp out on the lobster for the roll, and the Yukon chips exceeded my expectations. The music was a bit on the loud side, so I noticed that I had to raise my voice a bit during conversation, but it wasn't a big deal. I really liked how the chef came out to greet each of the tables to see if we found everything alright.
I love this place. They have so many selections of shoes the hardest part is trying not to buy them all! Great quality of shoes for a great price lower then competitors.. the man that works there (didn't get his name) helped me get the most perfect boots. I love them, thank you!
It was a last minute decision going to Vegas and because it was last minute we had not booked a room. It was a decision should we stay on the strip or off the strip? So the executive decision was to stay off the strip and South point was our go to hotel. How did south point get a country decor? Wasn't it just name because it was south of the Las Vegas strip? Hmmmm! is that why they did the country theme? Hopefully someone would answer my questions. Casino was bright and surprisingly very upbeat. The rooms were roomy and clean the only down fall was you couldn't get the curtains to close all the way and that bit of sunlight seeping through early morning can be a drag. I had a ray of sunlight across my eyes at 6am it was perfectly set on my eyes. $5.00 dollar blackjack tables, hello is this 1999 again? When your poor and have somewhat of a gambling addiction $ 5.00 tables are so enticing. Crap tables super fun if you have the right group. If you get a players club and spend a good amount at the tables they will comp you. No vegas hotels comp much anymore so South Point was a real Gem. Buffet is terrible but if you look inside your coupon book its 50% off. Who can beat 50% off for a buffet it was satisfying. Also in the free coupon book you get a free souvenir.  You can get a shuttle to drive you into Vegas for 8 dollars and if you have a car then its only 15 minutes away.I would stay here again it was clean and inexpensive.
Went this past Sunday 5/10/15. It was a bit busy. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated. The restaurant decor is great! Modern, with good music and an attentive staff. We ordered the all you can eat $25 dinner. We also indulged in the 2 for 1 alcoholic beverages. That special runs all day everyday! Food was good, fast and fresh! Definitely way better than Yamaha sushi across the street. The only thing I didn't like was that you have to sign yourself in on a waiting list upon entering. There's no host there to control that list.
Decent izakaya in North York. Came with friends after they changed name on weekday night. Was very spacious and not packed like on the weekends. The food was pretty standard. I was not blown away. Had my usual takoyaki, delicious. Some sort of salmon tataki, it was okay. Grilled pork belly was good and fatty. Chicken karage was still pretty good, love the mayo. Yaki udon, the usual.Tried the baked oyster for the first time and it was pretty good! The sauce was creamy and there was lots of goodies in there, not just some random veggies. And I love the Kinoko bibimbap, there's just something about hot melted cheese!  In terms of desserts I think that almond tofu and sesame soy milk pudding was just not worth the price. For the same price elsewhere you can get a whole bucket full and it's really nothing special. But I did love the green tea cheesecake, the execution was great, it was creamy and well combined, not powdery, not too sweet, worth the money. The service was okay, seats were hard. And as usual super loud, don't bring your kids.
This place reminds me of some health food market you'd find in Asheville. I think you end up paying a premium shopping here simply because its the only one even close by where you can get this kind of quality in vitamins. You pay for what you get. However, should you pay a few dollars more here for the same product you can get at Healthy Home Market? Yeah - save on the gas if you live this way and have no earthly business being in Charlotte. Navigating through the world of holistic isn't easy. You will find a tremendous amount of people that are willing to give you good advice. I'm thankful when they can pick up on me with my deer in the headlights look. I have my usual items I get, but just about every time I go, I have questions. I believe the store ratio of staff to typical people shopping is more staff to customers. This isn't a huge store (maybe 1500 square feet tops if I had to guess). If there's not that many customers, you theoretically can have a customer service person with you the whole time to spend however much time you need to answer questions. Top that Whole Foods! Selection: It all boils down to square footage here folks. You might be SOL if you're looking for all the cut meats and things you would find in the big grocery store like health food places. I come typically just for the holistic, vitamins, and homeopathic remedies. I have found things here I can't get any where else (even special ordered once from Healthy Home Market). A small amount of dog food items can be found here, soaps, herbs/spices, frozen foods, some vegetables, etc.
Okay, I've read all the reviews.  I know the Scottsdale Nordstrom well.  If you are going to buy a bra anywhere, please do yourself a favor and get one of their professional bra fitters to measure you, They put you in a bra that will actually fit you.  You will never buy another bra again without consulting a professional fitter.  For the shoes, Try to find to better shoe selection any were in the Phx, Scottsdale area. In 20years I have never had a bad experience with rude sales people in the shoe department.  When it comes to makeup, try MAC, you will LOVE the lipstick.  The only guy to trust is the lovely and very sweet Mike!  Mike will start you off with great lips, and within weeks, without any pressure, you will be transformed into a more beautiful you, all with the sweet, loving and attentive Mike.  No pressure from Mike.  You have to tell him what YOU want!  He is just that great!  When it comes to the clothing departments, I will admit that  I too am a little disappointed.  The array of clothing choices that should be available just aren't.  Sort of same old same same old from one department to the next.  I would like to see Nordstrom think outside the box a little more.  For shoes, Bra's and MAC make-up with Mike ONLY give it a go!
The crowd is as chic as the decor in this upscale cocktail lounge, so dress accordingly . . . but don't look too closely, or that fair damsel's Adam's apple will spoil the illusion. The ladies tend to be transgendered or transvestities, so if you're a straight guy on the prowl, keep moving. There's live entertainment Monday, Tuesday, Friday, and Saturday nights.
I was craving pizza on Friday and decided to stop by. I normally order takeout and have ordered from this place three times previously. My go to is a medium pizza with pepperoni, pineapple and tomato but this time I decided to try out the pizza and wings combo. Fridays are busy and my wait time was 45mins. Previous visits were a 15min wait. A steady flow of customers would walk in to pick up their order and they all greeted the owner by name so I guess they are regulars. Another thing I noticed was that a customer that came in and ordered 15mins after me received her order before me so I don't know if she received special treatment because she's a regular or that my pizza just took longer to cook lol. The pizza here have always been perfectly cooked and the crust crispy and this time it was no different. The wings on the other hand were disappointing and lacking. They were on the smaller end and for a couple dollars more, I would rather get wings at All Stars.  Whenever I have a pizza craving, I'll come back.
I'll be honest, I had a bad experience here. Long story short my tacos weren't quite up to snuff. The important part is that they took care of it with a smile and other than that one time they food is on point. You'll definitely see me back in for that garlic sauce sometime soon
Stopped in to get some biscuits and gravy on a Sunday morning. Food came super fast and was yummy. Server Lisa was very friendly. Need more places like this.
This is would my first experience at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant and I enjoy it. The instant you walk in, the layout feels like you are in a island tiki bar. Great service and we met the owner/chef. The daily special is written in a chalkboard which is located near every 50 ft of each table. Lobster Pho - Mkt price at $40. It was literally presented with a whole lobster over a bed of pho. The lobster meat was already deboned. The broth was fairly light in flavor and hearty. I ate the extremely spiced shrimp prior to consuming the lobster pho, therefore it was difficult for me to truly taste the pho.  It was good, but not mouth watering amazing. I probably won't order this in the future. It was a good experience and plain cool to try a lobster pho once in a lifetime. Oxtail Pho - It was a very generous portion of oxtail with pho. Once again, the beef broth was very light in flavor and in color. I've had oxtail where the soup was very thick and oily from the oxtail. I would order it again. razor clam - It was seasoned and stir fry, then it was placed back in the razor clam in a sizzling dish. One of my favorite dish and very tasty!!Shrimp with the District One special sauce - Sorta of like the shrimp from Hot n Juicy, but served in a plate and nicer presentation. The shrimp was a good size (bigger then hot n juicy) and the sauce was mild spicy and bit tangy. Will definitely order it again.Combo plate with Short rib with fried egg and kimchi - nothing special, it's good and average like any other good platter. The Short rib was tender and had a charcoal taste to it.Fish taco - hamachi sashimi with avocadom, cilantro, cherry tomatoe - Comes with 3 tacos that is about 2 bitesize. The fish was very fresh! Good flavor. Beef on asaparagus - pretty presentation with a large portion of beef wrapped on a full size stalk of asaparagus. Very generous portion and the meat was tender and tasty. Things I want to try in the future: the oxtail rice, belly bun, and slow braised pork belly in young coconut juice.Overall, the menu sounds very appealing and this is a very casual joint for an asian fusion cuisine. It's reasonably priced.
Marina and her team are always very pleasant with me.  She always keeps me entertained with stories and more importantly, does a great job on mani and pedi.  As a male client, I've often felt uncomfortable, awkward or treated poorly at other salons but here I feel very comfortable and relaxed.  I'm really glad I found this place as it is - refreshingly-  not like most of the other salons in the valley.  I also like the fact the salon is very clean.
4 stars for the family meal, if you get it on a good night (3 large entree, 1 lrg fried rice, 1 lrg white rice, 4 egg roll, 4 crab puff $24.00) .We've eaten here maybe 10 times, the last visit was last month. That order was the best one yet, I actually think I got the owner's order or CE saw their Yelp reviews and fixed the problems.Anyway... I think I got the owner's order because the broccoli beef was mostly beef and only 3 broccoli, usually it's the other way around. I'm a huge broccoli fan so I never complained, but was in total shock when I opened the paper box.The fried rice had egg in it..... what???? I've been here how many times and this is the first time egg ever slipped into the fried rice haha. Lastly, they are coupon nazi's, they don't care if you are GOD himself, if you don't have the coupon you ain't getting the deal.
Great little place, the staff are wonderful. Burritos are great value for the price and the chips and salsa are addictive.
Got seated immediately. The cart rolled on over to us right away. We were starved and ready to get our dim sum cravings satisfied. The food was nice and hot. Taste was just right. The workers who push the carts were nice but can be too pushy on what you want to get sometimes. We went pretty early and it got busy fast! On the bill, it did charge for "2 people"? I don't know why...? Weird. Overall, great place to eat!
South Point is just so far from everything else on the strip, why go here?You end up seeing all the great points about this place.- Lots of unnecessary space throughout the casino and hotel room, you feel like you can move around freely.- A good mix of food places, although there are pretty much generic themes of ethnic foods, I found it good to have alot of options.- Smoke smell on the casino floor was not as heavy compared to places on the strip, I think this goes with the unnecessary ceiling space which I can't complain about.- Free Shuttle to and from the airport, it is first-come first-serve, but both trips to and from weren't full.I guess the only bad point was again the distance from the strip, if you don't use any of the strip shuttle, it's about $30 to Caesars Palace one way.It'll be hard to come back for a Vegas trip here, but for a convention, not a bad place to stay. Plus the room prices are very reasonable.
Found this restaurant on Yelp when I was visiting Vegas for the weekend. Oh hey, it's Bobby Flay! It's got to be good! Having never been to Vegas before, the location inside Caesar's Palace threw me off a bit. To me, Caesars Palace is just....tacky. But it's Vegas so that's the look they were going for I guess. Anyhow, they were of course totally booked so we ended up getting a seat at the bar. I thought this was actually better than sitting at a table and we had plenty of room. We started off with a White Pear Margarita which was easily the best (albeit relatively overpriced) cocktail I had in town. I wasn't particularly hungry but wanted to get a taste of the menu so I ended up getting a bunch of appetizers. The Barbecue Ribs were out of this world -- peanut chipotle sauce, garnished with some green onion and peanut relish. The Lobster Tacos were very yummy but so tiny. I was warned, but for 20 bucks I thought it'd be a bit bigger. Literally every bit of everything else was equally outstanding though. I would highly recommend making a reservation and not coming too hungry.
What a cool spot!! We went in to celebrate my husband's birthday in a party of six. The entertainment was on point, with singing and dancing to some great 90's tunes.They took quite a while to bring out drinks, and we were all ready to drink so that was a bit of an oversight on their part. Service overall was not constant, other than the water boy who kept us hydrated (appreciate that in Vegas!)The sushi was good, and drinks were great. We even did sake bombs at the end, which was fun with the way they do it.I would definitely come to this place again!
Went there for an oil change recently.  Didn't know if there's going to be a wait time so I called ahead and make an appointment.  In and out of the store in under 30 minutes.  Great service and friendly staffs.
All time all star service every time (about 5) in the last two years and I gotta say their best menu item was the clams baked in beer. Wish they'd bring it back but I moved on. Their pretzels are amazing served with three different dippins and salty. The fish tacos are delightful, especially without the cheese. They have great drinks and friendly people open late at Tempe marketplace is a desirable thing when movies go late.
They're open late which is great for busy schedules. Saturday is by appointment only so that's a little bummer if you forget to make an appointment. Clean environment and friendly staff.
I got me some Paper denim jeans on sale here for $45, an English Laundry tee and some Donald J Pliner shoes for half off - and ever since I was hooked. Roka is a small mens/womens boutique in the Arrowhead AJ's shopping center - heavy on the denim with shirts, sweaters, belts and shoes.  The owners are friendly and offer guests water and candy when you're shopping (or maybe it's just me).   Every so often they'll have a steal of sale - including their denim sales in February.Who says you have to hoof it to Scottsdale for fancy duds?
The first time I went to Harris Grill, I had been living in Pittsburgh for about a week and was on a first date. A year later, my love for Pittsburgh, my date, and Harris is unwavering. I've gone to Harris about twice a month on average since, whether it's because friends or family are in town and I want to go someplace that's both fun and has an approachable menu; because it's 11 p.m. and I need to go someplace where the kitchen's still open yet it isn't overwhelmed with a party crowd; or because I want to enjoy happy hour food paired with an extensive beer list.I haven't been dazzled by everything on the menu, but I generally think the food is good to very good for the price and atmosphere. The only thing I really haven't liked there was the "Lasagne Aubergine," or eggplant lasagna, which I thought was too salty and generally unappealing the one time I had it.On the "okay" list: chicken quesadilla (also a bit too salty), spinach dip, and totsGood: pierogies, vegetarian chili, Jamaican jerk wings, and macaroni and cheeseVery good: "The Clogbuster" (what I consider to be a real salad, not some pathetic bar "salad" with a bunch of fatty things atop two pieces of iceberg lettuce--this one has a bunch of root vegetables, peppers, et cetera)Love: turkey burger, "Macaronis et Fromagede Langoustine" (seafood mac and cheese), and dry-rub bacon wingsThe Harris staff has always been incredibly friendly and attentive (even during busy times that are typical of nights, weekends, and happy hours). The bar really isn't big enough for the kind of crowd it draws, and it can get pretty packed and noisy, but when the patio's open, it helps relieve some of that crowdedness. Oh, and the parking on and off Ellsworth is a nightmare. Still, I think it's worth a visit for anyone who's looking for a no-fuss night out.
I went here for restaurant week only to find out that they were not participating in restaurant week. Cleveland Independents made a mistake and listed them online and posted last year's menu to boot! That aside, the experience was good. I really like how they have used the space - it was designed and decorated well. We sat upstairs with a good view of the restaurant below - or you could choose a view of E4th. I liked the salmon special sans the olives which I didn't think went well with the dish at all being so strong of a flavour. The staff was friendly and very attentive. I got here at 5 and it got busy as we were leaving - not packed however, after all it's turning colder in Cleveland and this is on a street known for patio dining.
Good thin crust pizza. We had the Dough Knots as an appetizer, the 10-inch Popeye Pie for dinner and took home a slice of the Italian Creme Cake. Can't complain -- all was tasty. Best part? The price. The cake was somewhat of a splurge ($6.50, but the slice is huge) - otherwise, it would have been a $12 dinner for two. We'll be back to try more pizzas.We were there early for dinner on a Wednesday and it was not crowded (not shocking...). Our order was taken at a table, though several people came in to order to-go and went straight to the counter.
Good food. Decent prices. Always fast service. Love the #1 it always hits the spot. I wish they had more sauce and maybe less rice but can't complain for $7
Great Prices On Some Hidden Deals....I got 2 Zegna Suits when I was here for 70% off which was a great find! I wish they did the alterations here, but I brought them to a local tailor to get them properly fitted. You really cannot complain when you get $1500-$1700 suits for $420-$580 each! I looked around a bit for some shirts and things but I am a bigger guy so I need tall clothes and they have lots of normal little guy stuff here. They have a massive selection of women's goods. I like this location in the Premium Outlets, for some reason it's an inviting shopping area and stays pretty nice throughout. Stop in for a look... Who knows what deals you might find!
We enjoyed an impromptu breakfast at Cacao 70 when Ma'Tine was unexpectedly closed.We sat outside on the deck under the soft, magenta bulbs strung over the street. It was a warm, but pleasant summer morning.The menu of Cacao 70 was extensive. There was a regular menu, a dessert menu, and a hot chocolate menu! M was deviant and ordered something that had nothing chocolate: coffee and a Europa crepe. She didn't like it. She thought that there was too much ham on the crepe. Even the server asked if there was something wrong with the food and if M would prefer something else.I made up for that. I got two different kinds of hot chocolate: the darkest called the Equator and the lightest the French Cream. I also got the Illegal Chocolate Waffle and a side of bacon. Everything was on pointe. M kept eating and drinking all of my food and beverages also!The Equator and the French Cream were huge contrasts to one another. One was mature, rich, and seductive. The French Cream was indulgently sweet and creamy.My Illegal Chocolate Waffle was served with caramelized bananas, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce. I love caramelized bananas. It was a well put-together dish. I am thankful that I had some crispy bacon to cut through some of the sugar though.
This is a great place to eat vegetarian South Indian food! The dosas we ate were delicious- we had madras masala dosa and the special rava masala dosa. Sambar accompanying the dosa was especially great! This could be a good competition for the other existing South Indian restaurants in the area. Service is excellent- they were very accommodative to our requests for hot water, modifications to some of the food we wanted and extra plates. And unlike Gurulakshmi, I did not feel rushed to finish my meal. Only small note: Thalis are only available for lunch- the menu didn't mention that, which would have been nice to know in advance before we came for dinner. Menu should be updated to reflect when food is/ isn't available.
i use to think this was one of the most boring places to drink ever.after saturday night, my opinion was changed. but only a little tiny tiny bit.random crowd. good drinks (drinks are strong, and the bartenders pour that long)..  and well, if you're so inclined, drugs could very easily be copped here. #dontdoit #drugsnevertheless, if you stay here long... you'll feel like hell the next day for sure.
I thought this casino was great. They have a plethora of slots including my favorite...CLUE! We didn't play tables because they were rather crowded. We went after an Indian's game so it was PACKED. They offer a parking deal where if you gamble for 30 minutes and spend approximately $75 parking is free. You must be a member of the players club. There was a line to join so I recommend doing it before the game. I thought it was fabulous that they are a smoke free casino. Love it!!! The employees were all very friendly and they kept it classy. We will be back!
Had been looking forward to going here for quite some time. Our table wasn't ready when we arrived at 8:20. Reservation was at 8:30. The interior is very very cramped. I thought the artwork would be more prevalent. Instead, I felt like I was in someone's old bedroom upstairs. However, the food is amazing! Very unique flavors. It's hard to find quality and unique Mexican food like this. I would definitely return!
This is an amazing restaurant at Mandalay Bay.  First of all, they start you off with fries instead of a bread basket...need I say more?  There were 3 different flavors (garlic, truffle, and old bay), each with its own sauce.  I had the bacon cream spinach which was so flavorful along with flatiron steak which was cooked perfectly.  The steak comes with one bite (literally) of cornbread that melts in your mouth, making you crave more.  For dessert we had the beignets and chocolate chip cookie.  I used to think beignets were just fancy donuts but stripsteak proved me wrong.  They were crispy on the outside and chewy but airy on the inside.  It came with a trio of sauces of which creme brûlée was my favorite.  The butterscotch was too bitter with an alcoholic after taste.  Definitely will come back next time i am in Vegas.  I only took off one star because our waiter was not very attentive and when we ordered more fries, it came out the same time as our dessert rather than during the meal.
Cute froyo shop near home. My favorites are the coconut and the pineapple. I was super excited when I saw taro, but was disappointed when I got a taste. It is tart and I personally think taro shouldn't be tart.  Anyway, the pineapple is amazing and I'll just stick with that.They have lots of unique toppings, including different flavored bobas. They aren't really bobas, more like round balls shaped like boba that burst with juice when you pop them. I usually steer clear of those and goes straight for the mochi. They also offer the usual fresh fruit, candies, chocolates, cereals, nuts and etc... Price is comparable to all other self serve yogurt shops.
A great place to hang out and meet people. Seriously, it's where non-drinkers (teenagers, Mormon singles) go when everyone else is at the bar.
My dad & I walked from downtown Pittsburgh because we heard Deluca's had the best breakfast in Pittsburgh. When we got there, the line was out the door. After 20 minutes, we got a table. It was a small little diner, but the food was very good. I got French toast & bacon. My dad got a ham & cheese omelet. We were both pleased with our meals & left full. We will definitely be going back when we return to Pittsburgh.
I love their fajita beef tacos.. and definitely love the special prices for tacos on Tuesdays..
This place is my go-to pizza delivery joint. Ordering via GrubHub, my delivery is consistently on time, accurate, and hot. In the many times I've ordered from Little Nippers I have never had a bad order.Their pizza is pretty tasty for Pittsburgh standards. Hoagies are on point!Their prices are really reasonable--they're a great go-to when ordering out!
Pros: I can't find a better massage place than spring spa. I went a couple months ago with my boyfriend and we both thought this place was amazing. I slept on my neck wrong the night before and had terrible neck and back pain and didn't tell the lady before the massage. She spent majority of the time on my back in one specific area and went hardcore. She also popped my neck and put my arms and legs in weird positions that popped my entire spine. How's that even possible?! Anyways, super intense massage and I felt amazing afterwards. Con: just one. The price! We went in thinking it's around $30 an hr like many other Chinese owned spas but this place costed $60/hour per person! That's so much for a massage spa on spring mountain... We usually tip at least $20 per person but since this place is super expensive already, my boyfriend tipped $15 a person and paid a total of $150. Please lower your prices!! I want to come back but your pricing is way too high compared to other places on spring mountain :(
We probably have tried all of the guac flavors by now. All of them were tasty and unique in their own way. My favorite was the crab meat and roasted garlic. You can clearly taste the crab meat, but not over powering. They used to have a roasted garlic, honey with goat cheese and that was very delicious as well. For the main courses, I love the short ribs tamale and the lamb shank. The lamb was literally falling off the bone. Very delicious!!! However, the wait was very long (about 90 min) and that seems to be typical for all of the times I have visited.
This was my first time dealing with Joycity and I was satisfied with the process and pricing.  I purchased a set of Continental WinterContact SI (225/45/17) for $865.00 all-in on Nov 29, 2016.  I also received a $65.00 mail-in rebate with Continental.  They accepted Visa for full payment.I emailed Joycity for a quote and they responded within 24 hours with all tire options for 225/45/17.  The price was slightly cheaper than SimplyTire who I've dealt with a couple times in the past.  SimplyTire was selling the same tires for $770.00 plus taxes plus $3.75 per tire for the Ontario Tire Stewardship (total $887.05 all-in).  $22.05 in savings isn't a whole lot to try a new tire shop but I wanted to give Joycity a shot so I have another option in the future.I ordered the tires online, paid a $100.00 deposit via PayPal, and booked an appointment date/time.  Due to the busy season, the earliest (and most convenient) appointment was Dec 13, 2016 (about 2 weeks from the order date).  I showed up for my appointment at 2:30PM and was out by 4:00PM.  1.5 hour wait.  The wait wasn't terrible but I was advised by the older gentleman at the front counter that it would take less than 1 hour.  Timing is very important to me as my job is based on scheduled appointments so due to the delay, I had to push out a few of my meetings.  A customer waiting with me experienced the same delay.Besides the timing issue, everything else met my expectations.  Customer service was fine and I didn't expect more.  Other reviews claim that they're not very friendly and I can understand how one can feel that way.  But keep in mind that this is a Chinese-owned business.  You can't expect white-glove service with smiles and hugs.  I'm Chinese and have been experiencing this type of service my whole life.  Straight to the point and efficient.  No pleasantries.  I find SimpleTire the same way.Overall, I would go back if the price is right.P.S. - Some brands that Joycity carry are cheaper or more expensive than what SimplyTire carries.  I suspect this is due to the relationship the shop has with its suppliers.
Though we only stopped here for some drinks the service was really good. The bartenders were cool and friendly.
So much better than those pop-up shops you see around town!  CJ has fixed a couple iThingies for me.
This place has been around for DECADES, and yet, it's popularity has never waned. This place always has a line, and the parking lot is always full. When I visited, there were absolutely no booths available for seating. The interior decor takes things back old school. Ice Cream and Milkshakes are the most popular items, but burgers, fries, and more are sold here as well. I had the Cookies & Cream Milkshake for $4.25, while my boyfriend had the Cookie Dough Ice Cream on a Waffle Cone for $3.50. I was thrilled (but not surprised, because I had read plenty of reviews ahead of time) to receive a giant scoop of ice cream on top of my tall shake! The milkshake part was a bit watery, as if there was more ice than cream. The ice cream scoop, on the other hand, was absolutely delightful! However, I think my boyfriend chose the better flavor of the 2. His flavor came with mini chocolate chips, in addition to the cookie dough, and this made the flavor even better! His ice cream was incredibly creamy with the perfect amount of sweetness, and his scoop of ice cream was so humongous, it looked absurd! I know what I'm getting next time!
Sooo...Corinne and I after a satisfying lunch at Bangkok Balcony ended up making our way over to Waffalonia. Best decision of the day. The girl at the counter was super nice and let us try that delicious concotion in a bottle "Spacculos" which she described as tasting like a graham cracker it was guuud. Test tasting is always fun. After we had our fill of samplings we order two waffles and sat down and split a hot cocoa. Luuuuveed it.
bright alley:King West:It seems that I am on an 'eat at unidentifiable' restaurant phase. Last Saturday was Bremner (see tomorrow's post) in Montreal and today was Buca. If you're not looking for it, you will miss it. It's next to Cheval. In fact, they share the same alleyway. Buca was exactly what I thought it would be.  A clean space with simple details. Special shout out to their light fixture, I loved it.  As those who reviewed before me pointed out, Buca used to be boiler house and you can still see that. It's very industrial with huge ceilings. It's actually basement level but they've opened it up so that a lot of light can shine through. The lunch menu was pretty extensive, and priced average for King West. I hear they vary their lunch menu, although there are few constants, such as the rosemary, garlic bread knots.Service was slow to start, but got stellar and stayed that way throughout our long lunch.  Olive Ascolane - fried olives stuffed with lamb sausage - crunchy, salty and tangy.Pizza, sadly, I don't remember what this was called, but it had smoked buffalo cheese, chilies, and the day's cured meats.  It was spicy, salty, and smoky. Bigoli - homemade pasta with duck egg and a duck ragù with mascarpone and basil.  OMG. I loved this dish. The portion is small, but lest we forget, we on King West.  Course if it were a little bigger, I would say I superloved it. And of course, dessert:Pannacotta with kiwi berries. KIWI BERRIES?!?! I Googled it because I've never heard of such a thing, much less tasted such a thing. I had to know more. Their proper term is actinidia arguta, or hard kiwi. Apparently it is native to Korea (amongst other countries). They are really delicious, and I think I love them. It was a proper pannacotta. I can't tell you how many times I've ordered it at a restaurant and been served messed up pudding. This was creamy, delicately flavoured and delicious. The tart tasted exactly how it smelled - amazing.  Sweet gelati, maple syrup and pistachios added textures to the delicate tart and pumpkin filling.If I had to choose the best dish of the day, I would go with the bigoli and the pannacotta.  The bread knots are also well-known but I think I want to try the pig ears next time. Word of warning, Buca doesn't serve complimentary bread, which may be why people like the knots so much. If you have to pay for bread, why not getting something more creative.
I've been to this Olive Garden quite a few times, dining in and to-go. Overall, the food is on par with other Olive Gardens and the service is good. I would recommend this place if you are in the mood for Olive Garden. My favs are the Tour of Italy, Seafood Alfredo, and  Tiramisu.
My best friend and I loved their shrimp the first time we tried them. We had to come back for more! This is our go to place when we have a seafood craving late at night. Their service is good. The servers are nice and friendly. I get a good vibe from this place, which adds on to the pros. Presentation of the food is cute. Simple but nice.
Good food and cocktails. I had the burger, my wife had eggs Benedict. we had two cocktails, they were good, but I forgot the names.
Stop by after church on the way home. Truthfully never noticed this place. It doesn't look inviting from the outside (don't judge a book by it's cover). The wait was really long, yes it was lunch time. I wanted breakfast and if you follow me you know I love my french toast. Yup they we're yummy! Our waitress Alexia was amazing, sweet, helpful, and patient. Why patient? I ordered, cancelled, and ordered again. Why? Had a emergency call had to leave, emergency was resolved within 10 min. Thanks Alexis for understanding. Food good, service good, decor could use a little update. Check this place out!
When I'm in Vegas, I don't typically leave the strip, but we did last time. We came mid-afternoon so there was no wait. I'd say this lives up to the hype! Everything we ordered was really good, and the portions were generous! We had 3 people, and we ordered ordered one of the Korean BBQ sets for two plus two extra meat orders, thinking the set for 2 wouldn't be enough. It would have been enough. :)
I love the food here and it's pretty much one of 3 vegan/vegetarian spots in Phoenix but the service is UNBELIEVABLY slow. I don't even walk in the door if there is a line. Even with no line it took about 20 minutes to get an acai bowl on a Wednesday at 10:40am. Don't ever come here if you're in a hurry, but it's a lovely place to sit and chat a whole morning away with a friend.
Pretty good for quick asian food. I am a big fan of their miso and hot and sour soup. The prices are fair and the portions are okay. The crab angels are delicious and they have pretty decent chicken teriyaki. I like their low carb bowls too!
Great store. I'm here pretty often and I can get a lot of things here for a great price. I still head to GE for some things, but shopping for the basics is such a bargain. Canned goods, frozen veggies, almond milk, wheat pasta.. great finds at a great price. Its hard to taste a difference with things like that. Their ice cream isn't too bad.. actually many things here aren't too bad :)
Ever have one of those nights where you walk into a place that looks like it's either closed or no good and be totally surprised? That was my experience at Rocco's.  This place really looks like a hole in a strip mall. The busy dining space is hard to see when you walk in. You will slowly take in all this place has to offer (a freezer filled with gelatio, ice cream, sauces, desserts; stacks of pasta and canned Italian goods; an amazing menu of pizza, pasta and more. I got their calzone-like item. It was filled with broccoli and very yummy with their Marinara; though I wanted more cheese and garlic in it!  Can't wait to try more here!
Came here for lunch on Monday after running around for smog check and hair cut (which both didn't happen btw because smog check had 3 cars ahead and my hair stylist was out of town till Tuesday)Incidentally i was in the main Chinatown plaza (for the haircut) and decided to come here for lunch. I got lucky and found parking like right in front of the restaurant (everyone knows parking sucks in this complex). After i went into the restaurant, all the side tables were occupied. The waiter asked if I would be willing to sit in the big table in the middle with others, and i was fine with that. Fastest lunch ever. I was in and out of the restaurant in like 15 - 20 minutes. This was about 0100PM on a Monday afternoon. I was sat at my seat, given the menu, gave my order of the Piquant Intestine Noodle with extra noodle, got my food, ate, and gone. Like the menu picture shows, the Piquant Intestine Noodle gives you some bak choy, piquant intestine, and noodles. Very simple but flavorful noodle soup. Not sure what piquant intestine means but from my experience in eating intestines, it was like, mini large intestines. I had wished they had used normal sized large intestines as they are much "meatier". The soup base at a "normal spiciness" is pretty decent. Had a good amount of "ma" and "la" which is the numb and spicy aspects of chongqing/sichuan cuisine but was not overpowering so i was able to eat my noodles fast. Price wise, it was great. I think my bowl of noodles were $8.99. With a free 100g side of extra noodles, it was a good amount of food for my hungry self, since i haven't really ate since 0630AM that morning. Not sure if it was because i was able to eat much faster than i did last time (not status post night of drinking and dehydration), the noodles didn't really soak up the soup as much as it did last time. Service was quick. Unfortunately they didn't refill my cup of mung bean soup. Since the "visit" was so fast, it didn't really bother me too much. Would like to come back to try other noodles like the spare rib noodles, special gizzard noodles.
Love hitting up food joints that are authentically Piitsburgh! Kind of hard to eat a sandwich with fries and slaw in the middle on soft slices of bread, but once you understand the history and tradition of the sandwich it magically tastes better!Not exactly family friendly but they do have high chairs and can accommodate a large party
The margaritas are fantastic, the service was great and the appetizers were pretty good.
after having tried almost all the Asian bakeries in that area, I think that this is the best one. Cashiers are nicer than at the other places around, there are lots of people coming there and thus everything is always super fresh.that being said, let me now eat one of those I bought and is left in the bag... yeahhh!
Very convenient and inexpensive! My two kids and I have a membership and we enjoy working out together! Kids have to be 12 years of age to work out on the machines! And I really like that!!
Buchon restaurant is on the  tenth floor in Venetian. Business breakfast place, with  suit people. Croissant was good. Coffee was ok. Bacon was good. Service was a bit slow side. Many empty tables I could see, though they let us wait. Weird. Very. Beautiful place, a bit too beautiful to eat casually or comfortably.
I have to admit I am quite a fan of Nam's Noodles, so a part of me hopes to bump up their star-rating by writing this review. I know, I know, they serve up dishes from so many different parts of Asia, I wouldn't know how to classify Nam's other than Asian Fusion, and they really live up to that name. I have been a regular since a couple of years back, where a co-worker and I would go every week before our night meetings for dinner. We have tried every item on the chef's recommendation list. They used to offer complimentary soup and dessert with every meal, I wish they still have that now. I remember the soup made for a great appetizer and till this day I still miss some of the desserts they make. I don't think any of that are on the regular menu so that's sad.On that what's good currently! They started with Belly Program, you get 5 points per visit, so it's pretty easy to get enough for a free beer or bubble tea (remember to let them know to reduce sugar levels you are not a huge fan of sweet drinks) using Belly Points. Nam's is another wonderful place on campus for noodles and congee. If you are looking for pho downtown, you can go to Nam's. If you're looking for Korean food downtown, you can go to Nam's. Nam's is a good place to go if you and your dining company are looking for different asian varieties. As for me I love their congee. It's only $5.50 for a huge bowl. Avocado bubble tea is also one of my favs! They make it using real avocado!! For appetizers I especially love the lemon grass chicken wings. Plus I like the fact that I get to just walk down on a day I have 1.5 - 2 hours to spare for a leisurely long lunch =) Do note that they get busy during lunch hours, but you can always call ahead if you're just getting something to go.
I always have my nails done here and they are all so friendly. My favorite is Nina, she does a really good mani and pedi.
Went in for the first time to have my eyebrows waxed and was impressed. The building was very nice, and I was worked with in a private room. Paula who did my eyebrows was pleasant and courteous. She seemed very experienced and did a good job. Before tip and tax it cost $12 which is quite reasonable. I would recommend.
They seemed to be understaffed which is a shame because it was the start of spring break season when we were here. Had to wait a while for any service. Once we got a waiter, he was fantastic and made sure we were happy with everything. But the only time we saw him were for drink orders, food orders, the "check in" after food arrived, and for the check.The food itself was good. Ma's Mac & Cheese is amazing! Highly recommend if you like creamy Mac and cheese. The BBQ bacon burger was good but needed more BBQ sauce.
First time visit yesterday. From a previous review I was looking forward to the darts tournament. They no longer host a Thursday night darts tournament. I enjoyed a glass of Boddingtons and threw darts by myself for awhile.
My husband talked me into going back and I have to say, I'm pleased that some changes have been made to improve the quality of served food.Wings appeared to be fresh made, and hot in temperature. I'd go back again.
Excellent déjeuner toujours bien bien fait, sans prétention. Les portions sont respectables Petite place sympathique, bon resto de quartier. Argent comptant.....
Stopped by for waffles after a trying day. They had exactly 2 left, which was our luck. Apparently they had quite the breakfast rush, it was a Saturday. The waffle was good, tasty, sweet. They were out of ingredients for the lumberjack too, so I ended up with the peanut butter cup. I typically go light on carbs but made an exception. It's probably not a place I would go back to, but it's great for its niche.
The bartenders here were really nice and funny. They keeps our drinks full and the food was yummy. I got the jerk chicken pasta and subbed broccoli no problem. I am on a low sugar diet but was watching the bartender pump out the different tropical cocktails and my mouth was wateringggg!
Just what the community needs. A place close by to get fresh vegetables in the summer and a place that is transformed in the fall for Halloween. A place to take the little ones to see the farm animals.We enjoyed taking our grandchildren and our grandchildren enjoyed the animals and rides.
Not a lot of games, so don't go expecting a Cobra-like experience... very chill, though, with a cider that tastes like grape juice!
I came here with some friends for wing night and was not disappointed!The atmosphere is friendly, the service was fantastic and the wings were good. They also had some good beers available (Beau's is one of my new favourites). I asked for the spiciest wings, of course, and they were pretty spicy, but nothing crazy. They also had dry wings, which I was kind of regretful for not getting. The fries are great! They're sort of bistro style with the skin on. One of my dining companions is allergic to dairy, wheat and eggs and was super happy to be able to find a wing place that does them without breading.Monday is wing night, where wings are 50% off. They have food specials every night of the week.They also have a bunch of screens for you to watch sports if that's your thing, and also a few banquets so it's easy to talk to your friends, if that's your thing. I'd be back again if I were in the area.
The breakfast food pricing can't be beat. Other than the long lines, the food is good.
Good prices. Good NY pizza. Fast. Good selection of slices with cool toppings. Easy to stop in if you're walking on Fremont. Bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area.
This is my 1st time here @ Hamburger Hut with my fam we got cheeseburger wity everything and the catfish. .. i can believe how inexpensive it is but it's on the other side of town.... OMG THIS FOOD IS SO F***** GOOD!!
This is the perfect place for a "staycation." Ugh, I hate that I just used that term, but it is the correct one to use.  Firesky is a beautiful resort, nice pool, service, rooms, and all.  Very nice firepits and free wine, beer and other drinks during happy hour.  I live in Phoenix, so it was a nice weekend away while still being near home. If I'm coming from out of town though I may want to stay somewhere a little more modern and swanky.It's less than a $5 cab ride from Old Town Scottsdale, so in other words it's free. Are you a teacher? If so, check out their teacher discount offers. Pretty sweet deal.
I'm forever looking for a spot where breakfast is not going to cost a ridiculous amount. I found this gem today at "Our Spot" on Kensington Market. I have nothing but great things to say, our waiter was excellent, our coffee kept flowing, an actual huge bottle of water was left on the table at our disposal. I had a breakfast sandwich and a regular coffee, refilled three times, all for less than six dollars!My friend had a delicious omelette, a flavored latte and fresh orange juice, so she paid a little more but was also very happy with her choices.They left us alone to talk and eat in peace, never felt rushed for occupying the table, even after we were long finished eating.I highly recommend a visit!
This place is great for a healthy lunch option. You start by picking a hummus bowl or pita. I chose hummus bowl: with kale, spinach, lamb,veggie toppings, topped with taziki dressing. If you like falafel, this place has a really delicious one. Their portions are large and can easily make 2 meals. Their flavored sodas are really yummy and they also have sugar free natrual juice (with free refills). The dinning area is small, but the bowl can easily be made Togo, they have lids at the end of the counter. If you are on a special diet or health conscious, this place is a great option.
Very happy with my micro-blading results. Didn't hurt at all. I was able to sleep through it. However I was a little disappointed that when I went in for my second treatment they couldn't find my account, so that was a little frustrating and was quickly resolved. Other than that my overall experience and results were very much satisfying!
This place is one of the few that I have been to that serves great ramen, along with other amazing menu items.  I had a chicken ramen, with lemon grass broth, the flavor was amazing!  My most recent visit I was accompanied by a friend who happens to be vegetarian, their menu had more than enough options for him which was great!  They also off Gluten-free options. Will definitely continue to stop by!
Went for 'baseball' happy hour before the Indians game. Pretty solid spot for some interesting pregame eats. Beers were pretty cheap ($3). We got the Korean chicken nuggets, they were pretty tasty. We also got the charred shishito peppers which were awesome! 10/10 Highly recommend to a friend. we also got a trio of hummus. Red pepper and feta was good but the veggie was our favorite. The spicy was just alright. They also had this interesting shrimp chips to start! Would definitely come here again and would love to try sushi. Others there got it and it looked tasty!
Great atmosphere,  food was excellent, quaint, wonderful ginormous portiins so bring your appetite & service was excellent.
I stayed here for four nights on business and it's definitely one of the nicer hotels I've visited.  The staff, especially the concierge, Nick, were fantastic: always willing to help, offering free shuttles, knowledge of the area and things to do after work.  The room bore a pleasant ambiance, not killing you with fluorescent lighting, and contained ample outlets for whatever I needed to charge at night.  There's not much more you can ask from a hotel.
Sunnys chicken fingers are good. A couple of times they were dry. It was take out so i didn't know until I got home. We were disappointed!On average though, Sunnys has good food.I recommend calling your order ahead of time. They're usually pretty busy, at least that's been my experience. The lady who takes the orders has always been nice as well.
We were visiting from Detroit area with guests from Germany and looking for a restaurant in the area. Yelp guided us here and we have to say that all the other reviews are correct. We all took the Jerk Chicken and it was amazing!
The service was outstanding! The lady that helped us was absolutely wonderful, patient and so helpful. The inside is pretty cool too, I like the giant map on the side wall. Hooray they have Eegee's--this will be awesome during the summer. The poutine was good but not my favorite. The portions they offer are huge, so be prepared for leftovers (although leftover poutine might be a little soggy). All in all my first visit was a positive one! I'll have to come back and try a bold flavor next time!
We were hesitant to try Hemispheres after reading the Yelp reviews, but our laziness got the better of us (we're staying at the Sheraton) so we ate dinner there (Saturday night, 7:45 PM). There were only 3 other tables populated, so it was nice and quiet. The menu is new as of this month (perhaps less extensive than described in reviews below) and has a section for locally-sourced foods. I had the Lake Erie Wahoo over risotto and my wife had the chopped chicken salad. My dinner was excellent - the large portion of fish was cooked properly and tasted fresh, the risotto was rich but not overpowering, and the broccolini was not overcooked--5 stars. My wife's salad was okay - multiple greens but more romaine than others, and the romaine looked and tasted like it has been in the refrigerator too long. It was probably just too cold, because by the time she was half-way through, it was significantly better, but the salad was "average."For dessert I had their house-made Peanut Butter Cheesecake, which was a generous slice, not bland but not so rich I felt bad finishing it. My wife, who has many food intolerances, saw nothing on the dessert menu she could eat, so our waitress suggested a bowl of cut-up fruit which was fresh and good. Our waitress was very nice, attentive, and helpful and improved the experience. Were we in the Cleveland Airport area again, we'd be comfortable eating at Hemispheres.
Food was good. Outside seating is not well planned. Blocked the entrance to the restaurant. Inside the restaurant you can't breathe for the cooking smoke. Really need a better exhaust system for kitchen.
Their food is really good and not very expensive. I gave 4 stars because the vegetarian options are a little slim. Would love it if they add those as well.
If you have a huge group of people, want to treat them properly yet don't want to put a dent in your wallet then take them all out for dim sum lunch at the Regency Palace.  I went with a group of 5 people recently and we were all completely satisfied for under $30.  Now how can you beat that?  This is the largest Chinese restaurant in Calgary.  The Regency has tons of ample underground parking and has the option of seating you, you and your friend or you and up to 50 of your friends in any of their private rooms.  The decor is stupendous, like walking into a mini dynasty, complete with welcoming lions, and good fortune fish.The bar is fully stocked; imagine paying under $6 for your choice of scotch, rum, gin or vodka.  Or buy yourself and your mate a beer or share a bottle of assorted reds and whites.And finally drumroll please the dim sum menu! Over 40 items varying at 1 to 4 dollars each:Shrimp, seafood, scallop, house pork, shark fin, chiu chow, deep fried taro and stuffed dumplings.  Beef tripe leaf, Octopus with curry sauce, chicken buns, pork BBQ buns, and duck feet.Mango pudding, chestnut cake etc... The list goes on and on.I can't believe you are still reading this? Don't be the last emperor get yourself down to the Regency Palace for dim sum lunch today.
I love Macy's and always have!You can beat a good Macy's clearance.......period. Move over Kohls, when Macy's is having a sale you simply can't beat the price and quality of the items that you find.The INC line is my favorite and it is VERY closely followed by the great selection of Coach products that they carry. I have never seen so much Coach on sale as I have at seen at this location.I am a new fan of the Martha Stewart home stuff that Macy's carries! Nice high quality bake ware and bedding!Staff is friendly and helpful and the store doesn't seem to ever be over crowded. I also love the Starbucks Coffee Shop that they have at this location!Only thing I could say is a con to this particular location is that their women's clothing department is lacking. Since the store is smaller than the other nearby locations they obviously can't hold as much. Even still, I still find that I frequent this location more than any other.
The thin crust pizza here is the best I've had in the valley. The thick or deep dish is just okay it doesn't really do it for me to say the least. But boy are the flavors there when you order the thin crust.  We always used to come here on Tuesdays to get the Tuesday take out special which apparently stopped. When we called today to go get the usual Tuesday deal to us the dead give away was when the man over the phone had asked us what kind of large soda we would like and when my boyfriend had asked if he meant to say 2 liter he said no. So now that they have taken away my Tuesday special I can tell you at this moment that the chances of us going to nellos after this are slim to none.I'm severely disappointed that they have no specials anymore but nothing lasts forever I guess. I will miss you nellos very much I will but I guess we will be sticking closer to home and trying out pizza on 87....sigh.... :(
My second visit here WOWed me. I came here for Mothers Day - 5:30 pm - made reservations day before and they squeezed us in. Lady over the phone was accommodating. I don't know why but the second experience here was soooo much better. The sashimi is still fresh and good. So are the handrolls. I super love their california hand rolls and I don't usually get hand rolls.Their hot items are all great. Except the garlic sirloin, this time it was chewy and slightly over cooked. But wow, item after item, (we ordered about 1/2 of the items on the grill / hot items list) and it was consistently deliciousness after  deliciousness! Service is fast at the beginning and slow near the end. Go figure. This is typical though so order more in your first round! Don't forget the assortment of dessert! Get one of each! You can do it! I also found out their AYCE is a couple bucks cheaper than some competitors in the area. That works for me! I'm a new fan. (minus salmon Belly and all... :)
The 10" Margherta pizza smelled fresh and yummy and the 4pc Chicken mix was also very tasty, but the chicken was a pinch salty but still juicy. The garlic bread and wedges that came with the chicken mix was pretty good. Some of the garlic bread was bit tough but still has a good flavor. The wedges are nicely flavored and crispy. Was a bit pricey but sort of worth it. Overall I give it a 8 1/2 out of 10.
Great food and great service...we were pleasantly surprised by the menu, everything we had was great.  The mushroom soup is a must if they have it.  Will definitely be back when in the area
Greek food is specialty, of course...but the Greek salad is outstanding! I had tilapia dish, cooked well. Reasonably priced...I'll be back.
Four stars is for the brownie only. We went in because we wanted to try a brownie, had the traditional one. We wanted to sit down and eat it but since we only wanted one brownie they didn't want us to even though the place was empty. The guy heated it up for us which was nice, brownie was amazing, especially warm, but service wasn't the best.
Okay 4 stars for the bar and atmosphere, 3.75 stars for the food (the food is good bar food not "great" bar food, how do you rate that?;)First you need to understand that this bar is tucked neatly on the edge of Dilworth, and is very walkable from many of the surrounding homes, thus making it an easy choice for anyone who needs late night grub and or comradery (read people mingle here).  They are open late which is a plus, they have pool tables also a plus, if you like to pick your own music they have a touch tunes device there.  Decent beer selection on tap, if you're a beer snob go somewhere else.  If you like your beer served in buckets maybe this is 4.5 stars for you.  All in all Ed's is fun and the location is great, I expect their new patio will be very popular in the warmer months.
Cajun fries with vinegar (dont judge me!!): GOOD!Burger with everything (including grilled mushrooms and onions) plus A-1 sauce: GOOD!Very nice staff: GREATHigh tech soda machines: AWESOME!People that compare to in & out: boo! Of course it's a bit more here...but I think it's worth it.. Or maybe I'm just not an In & Out fan, sorry.I guess I only review places I really really like. FYI the "little" burgers are a single patty while the regular burgers are double... I didn't know that but the guy at the counter offered this info.
for the price this is a great place to eat. the workers where nice and helpful. it can get very busy but its worth it
We all had high expectations for this place and I must admit the expectations were met! Normally I am not a fan of "steakhouses" so I was pleased that my parents wanted to go to a seafood/steak place for their 35th wedding anniversary. I've been to City Hall in old town for steaks before and have always been pleased, so I think I knew what to expect from Ocean Club.We arrived and were seated right away (with reservation on a Sunday night). They have a very large bar area (well known in the area as cougar hunting grounds) which looked nice and fully stocked. I think the bar area is actually larger than the dining room. The cocktails on the menu were expensive, far more expensive that the average for the area (approx $20 each), and they weren't that fantastic. But the wine and beer selection was fairly good.Now, on to the food - We started with oysters which were SO fresh. I am always hesitant eating any seafood in Arizona (or anywhere landlocked) but you could really taste the ocean. Our server informed us that they fly in their seafood daily so ensure freshness. Not good for my global footprint, but I will accept the freshness none the less. Both the boyfriend and I got steak and lobster tail. I got mine with the small filet (6oz) and it was lovely and cooked perfectly. My boyfriend had the New York cut and seemed to really enjoy it. My father got the Mahi Mahi and also enjoyed it alot, I was surprised at the large portion of the Mahi. They offered to cook it a variety of ways, he chose to have it grilled with lemon. We also had the lobster mashed potatoes and asparagus on the side. The lobster mashed potatoes had huge pieces of lobster in it, but was under seasoned. In fact, everyone put salt on their steak/fish/sides throughout the evening and we aren't big salt eaters. I suppose I would rather my food under salted vs over salted but you'd think when you pay so much money they would get the balance right for you.All in all, the service was great, the food was good, and we had an enjoyable celebration. This place is very expensive but I'd say it's worth it for a special occasion.
A little bird with pink hair told me and showed me Tony's in Gastonia and I am a fan.We came here for dessert... hey sometimes desserts involve hot dogs, depending on who you ask.  But one side is burgers, fries, and dogs... the other is the ice cream side.We got a scoop of their grape ice cream, which sounds gnarly when you think about it, but when you taste it, it's pretty amazing.  They captured the best part about grape soda and turned it into ice cream.  I'm a convert.  We also had a banana shake and a chocolate shake.  These shakes are pretty robust, so bring your stretchy pants.Lots of parking on the outside of the store... I felt transported when you walk in.  you can tell they've been there a while.  The sparkly red vinyl booths and menu signs where you put up the individual letters... this place definitely hits "vintage" right on the head.  But don't let the old decor fool you, they obviously have been around because they have a winning formula for their ice cream and various sandwich-fare.
With all my favorite places in SouthEnd disappearing, I welcome an ABC store that I can walk to.This location isn't the largest store, but it should have what you need.Lots of windows seem to let a lot of light in and all the liquors are organized by type.  Large NC local selection of spirits here.Convenient parking lot, but also super walkable from the light rail and all the apartments that are being built all around SouthEnd
Drive across town to check this place out only because of a picture on yelp that showed pork buns. Well.. they no longer make them lol. Got the pho with rare beef and beef ball, and egg rolls. Pho was great and the egg rolls were ehh ok. I guess if I'm ever in the area and crave some pho I would stop by again.
I had the Potatoes Au Gratin here. Very good! I also got to choose off a special menu and ordered tenderloin with foie gras. I am a huge foie gras fan, but I didn't like mine too much. It was far too gooey that night.The steak was perfect but huge. I saved it and had it for lunch the next day and boy was it a treat!The service was the best. They were very attentive and nice. Surprising did not take very long to get my entree. The ambiance was very dark but cozy.
Traveled to NC to visit a friend and she took me to this place. She explained that the biscuits and grits (which I had never had) were amazing. She was 100 percent right! The place is very quaint and unique, which I loved. They seemed to be very busy, which was a great sign for the business. We waited for around 20 minutes and it was definitely worth the short wait time. The apple butter that goes on the biscuits could be addictive, if I lived closer. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area or visiting.
What a cute place!! It's like a blast from the past. It seems to be popular and the service was great. I love that you have to wait to be seated and the little window you pay at is adorable. It seems like a perfect place to go on an ice cream date!
Came here a few time, and it's been my go to place lately because it has pretty good prices, a lot of specials, and the food is decent and always up to par. I've had many dishes from Portuguese chicken rice to various noodle dishes. This place is always busy around lunch and dinner, and is fairly popular. Parking is also pretty hard to find in this plaza. This restaurant is kind of small too and you'll be sitting pretty close to other customers, but this is common in this type of restaurant.I think the rating doesn't reflect how great / fine this restaurant is, it's not bad at all. It's what you would expect from an HK style cafe. I'd definitely come back here again, because I haven't been here in a while!
I got the three meat combo...it was good. One of the better ones in vegas. No attitude just good food. Tip if you want to know of its a good place to eat look around to see how many koreans are eating. If you see mostly non koreans it's a good clue that the restaurant isn't that good...
I love the supreme pizze here, we always order delivery and they've never been late. The wings are AWESOME. The only reason why they got 4 out of 5 stars is because the last time they delievered, they brought BBQ chicken wings instead of the hot wings I ordered. Otherwise, they are pretty friendly and fast. I get a craving just talking about it...
My drink of choice is a dark n' stormy. It requires rum and ginger beer. Ginger beer isn't always the easiest to find....but at Metcalfe's there's ginger beer and even better several OPTIONS of ginger beer. This is the place to go if you are looking for harder to find items or just to try new things. Did you know Sabra made about 15 different flavors of hummus. I didn't until I came here! Again it's a place to go if you want OPTIONS! There's almost always a person in the cheese department to answer questions and help you with all your cheese needs. I don't do all my shopping here since the items did to be a bit more on the expensive side, but it's always a treat and a trip that I enjoy.
Bandera is never disappointing. I like to make reservations online because it's usually packed. Even on the weekdays, it can be busy. I've become accustomed to ordering the skillet cornbread as an appetizer. It is buttery with a kick and the top is sweet and crunchy. Together, this makes it for one of the best cornbreads you'll ever have. My go-to-dish is the meatloaf which is filled with a juicy mushroom flavor and goes perfect with their garlic mashed potatoes. The enchiladas are worth a try as well and my husband most recently enjoyed the prime rib. They have a descent selection of beers with a few on draft. Lots of good wine to choose from and even some signature drinks such as the Caipirinha filled with cachaca, sugar cane, and lime. Although having too many of these can become pricey rather fast, definitely worth a try. This was similar to a mojito, but better in my opinion. Finally, they currently offer an Oreo cookie sandwich dessert. The chocolate cookie was interesting- not identical to an Oreo, but similar. The ice cream was homemade and the entire thing sat in a warm bed of espresso sauce with a dollop of fresh whipped cream. Definitely worth a try!
After waiting years for this to finally open (and moving 2 years ago) I finally tried it out on my way back to St. Louis from the Chicago area.  It was after 2 pm, so no idea how things are during peak times.  I liked the atmosphere, although the AC was at arctic levels.  I enjoyed my food and drink, but since I was traveling, I just got a sampler of the Altercation (a good compromise between light and dark), and the spinach salad (enjoyed the maple bacon dressing) and the Cuban Pork.  Recommended stop in downtown Champaign - in the large condo tower on Neil in downtown.  There's a gigantic parking deck behind it, or metered parking in the city lot across the street, where there are 2 Zipcars stationed.  Good move, Champaign.
Love Bahama Breeze! Lunch menu is not too bad. It's a little pricey than normal, $8-$10 range but Bahama Breeze is a little more classy than your typical restaurant. And the island ambience is relaxing.
Very helpful staff.  Location was a little farther than the Home Depot.  After the Yelp coupon, the prices for the items that I purchased was on par with Lowest and Home Depot.  Those big box stores are OK.  However, I am trying to support the local economy.  With an adequate selection, friendly staff, and close location, I will continue to spend my money there.
Home style cooking by somebody who REALLY knows how to prepare super healthy, mostly vegetarian fare.  Seriously, I don't know where I could find healthier, better prepared food in Madison. I felt like I was in a Main Street restaurant in Mill Valley CA. Try it!Then, when the dinner hour's closing, the chef is cleaning windows, a sign of a well-maintained establishment.
We were trying to get into Primanti Bros for a sub but were over taken by 2 bus fulls of high school students. Instead we hit Bella Notte as I was craving a spicey sausage sub.....OH BOY....this bread it came on was off the hook. Crunchy, chewy, and never got soggy with all the sauce. The sausage was perfect too will all the peppers and onions. YUMMY! My buddy got the Italian Satallion......that sandwich was total money!!! He said I shouldnt try Primanti Bros after this or I might be unimpressed. I am sticking to Bella Notte!!
I have visited Metro a few times now, and I will undoubtedly keep going! No matter come for a Sunday brunch or a dinner night, this is always one of my top choices in old town. The food was never disappointed, and service was great!We like to seat in the patio, enjoy the delicious food while enjoy the sunshine and/or the live music. I have tried many dishes here, my favorite is the Steak Frites (steak and fries), the steak is cut to strips, juicy and tender,the portion of the fries is huge and really good!!! The escargots are just okay, they are baked in a plate that are mixed with mushrooms, beans, celery roots and ham, not like the other ones I had were baked individually into a plate with small holes (or whatever that called...) And for dessert, the Beignet is AMAZING! They are little doughnuts come with three kinds dipping sauce, vanilla bean, nutella, and raspberry. This is definitely a must-try dessert for anyone! Can't wait for my next visit!
Great choices, great flavors, fresh oysters, crab legs, sushi ... Prices were fair, service was good. Dining area was clean, the only downside that took a star away was the restroom! the bathroom was really bad , no soap, stalls  low on toilet paper and so stinky I was overall happy!!  I will be back
Coo spot to check out comics.. I was definitely on my big bang theory sh*t lol
I went to this store a few days ago and it was very nice. It is a store that rents out booths to vendors so they are all a little different. I felt the prices were fair and the staff   was very nice and helpful. I would definitely go back.
I'm live right between Tempe Marketplace and Mesa Riverview, so occasionally I'll visit this theater if I don't feel like dealing with the crowds at TMP. Since it's not usually as packed as Harkins, the movie viewing experience isn't as typical, but it's a nice change of pace. It's always very clean and the staff is very nice.
Hand pulled noodles are yummy. The layout is nice and room for larger parties in the back
Usually on point with their sushi but don't bother with the tuna tataki for the market price. The Panther Roll is so very good! The hibachi steak is always a good cut and is delicious. Excellent customer service. Strong martinis!
Ah Pinkberry, how you remind me of LA. Now if only they could bring an in and out over here I'd be set! This location is very nice for enjoying your froyo and people watching. And it's open pretty late so you could even get a snack after the movies next door!I usually just stick with original and pile the fruit on, but they have a good amount of flavors and huge variety of toppings for you to personalize your yogurt. They also change the flavors available sometimes to give you some variety since they only carry about 6-8 flavors at a time. The employees have always been really nice and helpful to me, which is appreciated since I tend to go during weird times like 9pm or during lunch.
Great Mexican food! Everything has a nice amount of spice to it!
I too was an O Premium water  client. So i was a bit bummed when they sold out to Sparkletts.  However, they have proven themselves many times over.   I am very happy with their water delivery and their service. They even started giving us a case of bottled  water along with our water service. The only draw back as to why i did not give them 5 stars is they are very hard to reach on the phone and it takes a long time to get anything done with the billing. But, other than that all good.!
Food is great! Service is...meh. Having dined in and ordered carry out, just dine in. Beware, they nickel and dime you for EVERYTHING but the food is legit. The lunch prices are phenomenal. The prawn mee is my favorite.
Very interesting concept. Good fish tacos for this Cal-Mex place. While it wasn't in the menu, they were able to serve me a Michelada w my tacos.
Your experience with Top 1 is subject to how you order.  If you order la carte, it is pricey.  This rings true regardless of which entrée you order.  If you order a combo set, you are in for a reasonably priced treat.We ordered a $58 combo for dinner.  It consisted of an appetizer, a vegetable dish, a Drunken Rib, and a 2.5lb crab, stir fried "under bridge" style (橋底辣炒蟹).  There are many things that I'd like to talk about, so I organize my review in point form:1) In the menu, it says this combo is for 2 people.  Pure lie.  It easily feeds 3.  2) The highlight of the combo is the crab.  The crab we had was meaty and sweet, indicating that it was fresh.  I estimated that there was over 1lb of garlic in the dish.  Yet the garlic aroma and spice was not sharp, indicating the garlic slices were dry when they cooked them.  The crab was nicely fried.  There was a delicious coat of flavours on the shell.  Lick it, eat it, whatever, just don't miss it.  This dish had wok air, which is what under bridge spicy crab is famous for.3) The other thing the under bridge spicy crab is famous for is the spiciness.  Top 1's version didn't taste spicy to me.  It was nowhere as spicy as the dai-pai-dong version.  You should ask for extra spicy if you prefer it hot.4) The Drunken Ribs were in essence rib bites and taro deep fried in black vinegar.  It had a harden coat on the outside.  It was another wok air dish.  It tasted average, because the meat needed more tenderizing.5) The vegetable dish in the combo was small.  It was indeed 2-person portion.  6) Services was minimum considering the price range.  I expected a change of plates, since they were full of crab shells.  Never happened or offered.  When someone did wait on us, s/he was polite, effective and efficient.7) The bill came with 10% tips added on.  The calculation was clear.  Someone wrote in Chinese that the final amount was "all in".  If you cannot read Chinese, you can clarify with a server.8) I like the interior decoration.  It is a funky mix of batman statue, fortune cat doll, bookshelves, European armour, Chinese emperor attire, owls, and stuff animals.  Consider yourselves forewarned.Top 1 serves a few unique seafood entrées.  Our family will likely revisit in a bigger group to try other seafood combos.  I won't recommend ordering al carte here, however.
Ever since V2 at First Markham Place closed down (which was many years ago!), this has become our go-to place for wonton noodles. A number of wonton noodle shops have popped up since, but none of them beats Jim Chai Kee in my opinion. The speed of service is quite impressive and reminds me of eateries in Hong Kong. Typically, our order includes a plate of vegetables with oyster sauce ($2.5), which arrives within a minute or two from the time we order. The noodles come shortly after, and we are usually done our meal within 30 to 45 minutes. The broth is clear, light yet full of flavour and always comes pipping hot. The restaurant fills the bowls with soup only 3/4 of the way to avoid overcooking the noodles. In traditional establishments (these are even hard to find in Hong Kong now), wonton noodles are served with a spoon at the bottom of a small bowl, stacked with wontons, and finally topped with noodles to avoid soaking it in the soup for too long. There are only 3 toppings available (wontons, sliced beef and dace fish balls) and you can mix and match as you wish ($8 for all 3 toppings, $7 for 2 toppings and $6 for 1 topping). Because the menu is small and concise, the quality is always consistent. I definitely prefer this place over Wonton Chai (Unionville location) as I find that their toppings and broth tend to be on the salty side. Plus, the wontons just aren't as good. As for Wonton Hut (Warden and Hwy 7), I do enjoy their broth, although I find their portions really small and their price points are slightly higher. A few things to keep in mind when visiting:- This place only accepts cash and you will need to bring your bill up to the counter.- There is a self-serving tea station in the back right corner.- Uncooked wontons and fish balls are available for sale.
Very nice staff. I got the traditional eggs Benedict. It was tasty. Not my favorite, but good. The Diablo hash browns are delicious. The waffles are nice and fluffy. They gave us a free app since it was my first time, which was a nice touch. Overall I would definitely go back and try other things
Staff is very sweet, everyone is very accommodating. Everyone is full of smiles. The dim sum variety is huge and everything is perfectly seasoned. The reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because the food wasn't hot enough (I bit into some cold pieces) and the tea cups needed to be washed better!
My husband and I ordered the special dinner for two which included soup, appetizers, two entrees and rice.  The egg drop soup was good, the appetizer platter was so much food but by the time we finished it, we were too full to eat our dinners other than just taste them. We got teriyaki chicken and kung pao chicken and both were very good, although we wished the teriyaki glaze would have been thicker. The ingredients in the entrees were very fresh and nice. Service was courteous and prompt, as was the food. We got to go boxes and have enough food left over for lunch tomorrow. We will definitely go back there again the next time we are in the mood for Asian food.
I really enjoy this course.  Desert and water landscape.  Not to difficult for me as I am far from being a pro.  The staff is really friendly.  The only problem I have is I never see the beverage carts.  You have to stick up from the gift shop because you are not allowed to bring your own and I think I've seen a beverage cart once in the 10 times I've played here.
We dine out on average 4 nights a week. It can get pricey here in Sin City but when we found Habibs we found a gem.Being of Persian descent, I know what this food is supposed to taste like. Just the right spices, fresh vegetables and not too much oil. One of my all time favorites is Ghormę Sabzi. Its a Khoresht, which means a stew served over piping hot Basmati rice with a smidgen of Saffron.Habibs Ghorme Sabzi is FANTASTIC. Fresh and aromatic I was impressed.The other menu items we've tried were slightly hit and miss. Habib is a sweetheart of a man. The food here is a definite solid 4 stars.
Stopped in to check out the Evoque, and Justin rocked our sales experience.  He was very knowledgable about the car, listened to what we wanted, and helped us order my new baby without ever making us feel pressured.  Can't wait for October, when my car will actually arrive.  In the meantime, if you're looking for a new ride, go see Justin.  He's a true professional.
Excellent pizza -- the best delivery I've had. Tasty and not too greasy. LOVE the restaurant's emphasis on sustainability -- they use local ingredients and have a lot of environmentally sustainable business practices. Fantastic pizza and socially conscious -- we just found our new go-to pizza place.
Moderne og kul restaurant. God mat, men litt lang ventetid - likevel verdt et besøk!!
More like 4.5 stars, but I didn't have that option.  Greenhouse Tavern was another of our must hit places in Cleveland during our short weekend trip.  This place was laid back, casual, and very homey.  Service was pretty slow, but our waiter had 2 other huge parties, so we understood.  We enjoyed the experience nonetheless.We started with couple of small plates - Devils on Horseback (bacon wrapped dates) and Foie Gras Steamed Clams - both were delicious!  We soaked up the warm bread they served us with the juice from the clams...can you say foodgasm?  We then had the Chicken Wing Confit....great twist on the buffalo wings.  The meat was falling off the bones and it had a great kick with a hint of what tasted like lemon grass.I ordered the Garlic Chive Risotto, which was great, but a little cheesy for my taste, and my BF ordered the granddaddy of them all....The Roasted Pig Head.  OMG this plate was so huge and he had a half of a pig head on his plate, teeth and all.  The meat was so tender and the fat just melted in your mouth.  I think he did a hell of a job finishing that all by himself.Like we did at Lola, we shared 3 desserts between us - Buttered Popcorn Pot de Creme, Vegan Chocolate Custard, and the Johnnycake.  Very small portions, but very tasty.  The chocolate custard was my favorite out of the three.It's definitely a place I would go back to if we're ever back in Cleveland.
It may be little....but this market has punch!A cupcake truck (salted caramel cupcake, mmm), pizza oven truck, crepe truck....spices, fresh fruits and veggies, the world's most fragrant popcorn, cheese, plenty of meat options (bison bratwurst?!)....I have to say my expectations have been exceeded. Add in the fact that a number of great restaurants/ bars/ coffee shops are within walking distance, and just found yourself a lovely Tuesday afternoon.
The Tri-Tip was the best I've ever had, but the tuna was not good. Good, fast service.
First time at Crush. Ambiance was great. Servers were top notch. Food was served fast, hot and was tasty. Enjoyed the Tuna 2 ways appetizer. Also, the heirloom tomato salad. Drinks seemed over priced, but it is Vegas.
Would I come here on a date, to catch up with an old friend, or show off Phoenix to an out of towner? Hell no.Would I come here on a rushed lunch break when I don't have time to waste but still want a ton of options to choose from, including some tasty soups and light pastas? Absolutely.
Came here for dinner last night and I we got a flavourful goat dish called Sali Boti and the goat was sooo tender. My boyfriend loved the flavor of the sauce that came with it. The Dum Aloo Kashmiri dish comes with an awesome saffron sauce. By the end of our meal we were full but still craving more. Restaurant had a quiet atmosphere i ln the evening.
Great ice cream!Fun place near Old Port on the Square to get ice cream.  We had four different flavors.  We enjoyed each of them.  The employees are efficient, but they weren't overly friendly.  (Possible language barrier?). We ate outside and it was an enjoyable way to end our arrival day in Montreal.
This place is great. A little bit quiet at the restaurant but the staff is super nice and the food is delicious.The prices are great too. You get so much food for what you are paying.
What a fantastic experience ! We celebrated my 55 birthday yesterday and found this place on Yelp . The staff are super friendly and the food was filled with flavour . We were all very impressed! I think we just found our new Thai restaurant:)))
My BF and I went to Vegas for my birthday and we weren't looking to spend a ton of money and the plaza had a great deal for like $30 a night. We wanted more money to gamble with so we stayed there. Very weary after all of the reviews we had read I was actually surprised when I got there. Yes this place is old.. there is no arguing that the duct tape carpet on the third floor should be replaced. However I did not  plan to sleep in that hallway so what did I care? The elevators are a tad bit slow ok I'll give ya that.. so we used the stairs a few times to help work off our buffets! what did people ever do in the past before there were elevators? When we got there we found the registration desk has been moved to the first floor and our check in person was very nice she upgraded us for free to a view over freemont street non smoking room. Our room was clean and my only notation was that it smelled like cleaning products so I opened the window and put on the fan and voila fixed! Not a big deal at all... The buffet was actually pretty good for the price and they even accomodated me and my special eating needs which made me super happy since some of the bigger hotels refused. Honestly you get what you pay for here which is a comfortable, clean place (unless you plan on sleeping in the hall) place to sleep a few hours before taking on the town. Also I want to make a note that yes there was a few stains on the carpet in the hotel room but this is what I realised.. First off these carpets are REALLY old right? The quality of carpet from back in the day for actual stain removal wasnt near as good as the quality of carpets we have now. Also I actually figured out that those carpets in the room.. they are stained but that doesnt make hem dirty.. they actually smell like carpet shampoo... how many of you have ever been to a hotel and spilled something on the carpet that stained and figured oh well least it was at the hotel and not at home right? Their issue not mine lol... well like I said these carpets may have some wear to them but that doesn't make them actually dirty!
Great location .  Very nice inside as well as outside.The pizzas and pasta were superb.Great service and nice atmosphere.
Great food, great customer service. The staff there are very friendly and attentive. Portions are big and reasonably priced. Only feed back is the batter on the coconut shrimp is a little hard. Other than that excellent food!
I had previously dined at Mesa grill years ago and remember enjoying it so decided to return for lunch. Had smoked salmon club and spiced pork sandwich. Also had a cactus pear margarita. Everything that I had was very good with lots of flavor. Both sandwiches were excellent with good amount of meat to each sandwich. Perfect toast to the bread and sandwiches were both dressed well.  Probably prefer the smoked salmon club, but just a matter of personal preference as each sandwich was done well. I do think the fries that came with the sandwiches were weak component of meal as they were not crisp.  May have been a matter of them sitting on warming tray or perhaps is consequence of the basket that was used as serving dish that did not allow them to breathe.  They were however, well-seasoned w/ some sort of Southwestern spice mix.  The margarita was refreshing but not exactly a bargain at 15 bucks.  I guess thats what happens in Vegas.  All in all, it was a great lunch and I will go back again next time I'm in Vegas.  If they can fix the fries then it would be 5 stars.
When you drive up to this place, no amount of four and five star reviews can dispel the innate dread that is uniquely conjured up when you're visiting one of the seediest-of-the-seedy-looking Phoenix strip malls. You know the ones, bleached out by the sun, faux-gold-trimmed red letters blaring at you. The instinctive feeling that there is no way you're going to make it from your car to the door without being asked to loan a few dollars to a guy down on his luck but somehow inexplicably blessed with a handgun down his waistband.Then you walk in. And it's like you're in a dainty Asian bistro in Scottsdale. Except there's one big screen TV and it's tuned to CMT. Ha ha, you smugly think to yourself - there's no way a TV would be tuned to CMT in Scottsdale! But then you are just taken with how lovely the place is. But WTF? Do you seat yourself? Two Asian women dressed as servers are fliitting about, but don't seem to see you (as it turns out, this is an unfortunate recurring theme here). Eventually, one does see you. "Two?" she pantomimes, holding up two fingers but not actually speaking. "Two," you say, acknowledging. They then seat you at the only table in the entire restaurant that is made for two. Neatly tucked right behind the kitchen's microwave, which you will hear beeping incessantly during your meal. I am being jocular, of course, but seriously, we looked around and we were both like "wow, this is the only two-seater in the whole place. They must not get many parties of two!" While I am trying to be funny, I'm not at all kidding about the microwave beeping.During the remainder of the meal, the wait staff can only be described as "oddly distracted and negligent, considering there were maybe ten people in the whole restaurant." There was no rudeness, and once our orders were in, food came VERY quickly. The thing is, it took fifteen minutes (and a pretty decent glare on my part) before a waitress came to ask us what we wanted to drink. Well thank you, since I've been sitting here for fifteen freaking minutes, I know not only what I want to drink, but what I want to eat. So we ordered.When the food came, and it came fast, it was a blizzard of BRILLIANCE. I had the hot and spicy fish (hot), my wife had the pad thai (medium).  Both dishes were unbelievably delicious. I had mine "hot" and it was agreeably hot, I will try the "thai hot" next time just to see how much they can make me sweat. Both dishes were absolutely wonderful. The appetizer of "thai eggrolls" was delicious, if meager.During the meal we were asked if we wanted refills this many times: 0. We were asked how our meal was this many times: 0. We were approached by our waitress for any reason whatsoever this many times: 0. Once we were done with our meal, we flagged our waitress down (clearly, she was having a rough night, what with the 6 or 8 people left in the restaurant) and managed to get a check. As bad as the service was, the food is so stupid good that I'm giving four stars anyway. Do yourself a favor: if you like Thai food, give Siam Thai a shot.
I've been looking for another nail salon after a previous one botched it really badly and needed them removed. After seeing the good reviews, I wanted to try this out. Facility: Mostly clean when you walk in. They use a fresh towel for each client which I like, but do not use new files & sponges nor do they sanitize the drills before each client. I also do not believe they wipe down the tables with any alcohol after each client, but the table looks clean when you sit down. It seems rare these days that nail salons would practice good hygiene because money is tight. I got a gel polish removal and a basic manicure. It started out with Jenny that filed the gel down, but got up halfway to tend to another client that walked in, then Nancy came along and finished the service up. I'm not bothered by it much, but wish there was some communication because I was a little confused as to what was going on. Total cost was $31 paid with cash. Nancy did very well in getting all the polish off, shortening the nail and filed them down really nicely. My cuticles were well attended to and trimmed just a little of the dead skin. She made a lot of detail and went back when something was amiss. The hand massage was quite nice as well and my hands and nails came out looking very moisturized and great. One star was taking off because they can really improve on communication skills between the client and nail tech. Everyone is super quiet and not trying to make any conversation at all with the client. It seemed quiet awkward very awkward and eerie in the salon. The client next to me was trying to make conversation, but the nail tech only replied with one word answers. Also, when I got up to leave after finishing the drying station, no one bothered to say goodbye to me and only one of them put cuticle oil on my fingers. It felt like I was appreciated as much? All in all. It was pretty good and I will be back later.
Our original plans had to be changed due to the holiday, so we asked at the front desk of our hotel for a relaxing place with affordable drinks and good food.  He mentioned Else's and gave us the history of the place and it sounded up our alley.I noticed someone mentioned "coffee shop" in their review and it almost feels like a coffee shop where people realized the coffee just wasn't doing it for them anymore and they just evolved into drinking alcohol.  Atmosphere is great and has a bit of a pub feel.  Totally non-pretentious.  The servers were delightful and tolerated our massacring of the French language.  Drinking beer in Quebec is a treat.  You don't need to know all of the breweries... just pick a style of beer you like and try it.  I've never been disappointed (and I'm a bit of a beer snob).  We tried the Fried Spinach & Mushroom Pierogis (the server recommended them fried) and they were fabulous!  We were sharing so we did Fish & Chips as well, which was plenty good, but I was craving more Pierogis!All in all, it was a nice evening.  Service was great and the drinks and food were delicious.  The bill wasn't too damaging (this is Montreal, after all) and we left happy.  If we were locals, I could see us frequenting this place quite a bit.
Ok shop when I'm in a pinch. Friendly staff and knowledgeable. Does not have much sense of community of other tobacco aficionados. That would have brought it to a 5. 4.25/5 *
Went for maintenance and they did a great job! Love the free car wash at the end! Wish the wait wasn't so long though but at least the waiting area was comfortable!
Total dive looking place. Like the kind that would give you bad food, but it is exactly opposite. The interior is clean and inviting. This place has been here for at least 23 years, cuz that is how long I have been going. The food is good, the service is great and the place is cheap.
The BF and I rode our bikes here today and we were thoroughly impressed. This place is close to my apartment and fairly convenient. The inside is cute, pretty modern looking. The girl who was working there was friendly and explained all of the drinks to us without making us feel like we were putting her out. I was just going to get toddy, but ended up getting a specialty drink. I got the almond joy (coconut mocha) and the BF got the Charlie Chaplin (white and dark chocolate mocha) both with nonfat milk to make them healthy (lol!). We both thoroughly enjoyed our coffees. Mine still had a strong coffee flavor and was not overwhelmed by the sweetness of the other flavors, it was soooo delicious...still thinking about it now.... I can only imagine how good it would be with whole milk. Anyway, this place has serious 5 star potential, but I need to make a second visit to determine that. Hooray GreaterThan Coffee!
First time here and the food was good, we ordered pork in black bean sauce and shrimp in lobster sauce. Restaurant serves in family style. The one downside is they're Chang (stingy) with the bowl of rice. But I guess we could ask for another bowl. The food is good. I don't know what the others are complaining about. To me if the service people can't speak English, it's pretty authentic. Those other ppl who complain about the taste must be regulars at Panda Express, which everyone knows is the standard to compare all Chinese cuisine to (sarcasm intended). Get off your high horses ppl. Food is food. You don't like it, go to McDonald's across the street, maybe that's more to your liking.
Very good casual Persian restaurant. The food was excellent no complaints about anything. Perfect for when you don't want to get dressed up just to go eat. Would definitely order from here again.
Great food.  Service is slow at best.  Great patio but be prepared for slow and inefficient service.  However...food is very good!   Worth the poor service.
Great salad great soup. Everything taste really fresh. Very well-prepared. Your servers were very helpful very nice. My only compliant with all the snow!
Just left and it was my second visit. I really love everything I've ordered so far! The butter pecan shake is to DIE for. You get pecans in every sip, it's amazing. I am not a soda drinker at all but I LOVE the tractor soda and I wish there was somewhere I could purchase it! The only thing I didn't like today was how long everything took. It already took us 45 minutes to drive there, another 30+ minutes of waiting to order and 30+ to get out food. Our food also came out all separate. We got our milkshake first, 10 minutes later my bf got his burger and 15minutes later I got my pizza.
Love this place for ordering takeout. Soup and sandwich options are delicious. Love the option to order from the salad bar online. The potatoes are a great different option too. Fruit is always fresh. I would give five stars, but this one server keeps trying to force Diet Coke on us when we order Coke online. I have an aspartame allergy, so that isn't cool.
If I'm not at Bazic, I'm here. My friends and I used to bounce back and forth between Zizzy and Bazic at least once a month. I even threw a birthday party here one year! Zizzy has a great happy hour and good selection of songs for karaoke. The only downside lately is that God awful sewage smell! I hope they take care of that soon. :/
This is the northest part of Newmarket, and it is needed to have one up here.  Did the drive thru. The lady was professional and quick. Treated my colleagues so I ordered 4 sets of coffee and muffin combo.  The order came wrong as one of the coffee was supposed to be 1 Milk only, but they added sugar.  They just opened within this month and a half so the staff needed more practice.Parking seems inadequate as it was filled up already.
The smallest place I've been to in Vegas. Staff is friendly enough I guess. No happy hour which is rare in Vegas. I got the moz and mush chic sandwich. Fantastic. Pretty cheap all things considered. Don't know if I'll become a regular but I'm sure I'll be back.
I want to thank Arizona Center for Pain Relief, initially they were guarded which is understandable when dealing with Narcotics, their licenses are at risk, but I can't Thank Brittany Jones enough for believing in me, and helping me through some rough times, initially with back and leg muscle and bone pain, and then having been diagnosed with Cancer she has sat and listened and made recommendations, not giving up to make me comfortable, the staff have been very courteous and don't pass judgement, if they do they don't show it, they all have been so kind and helped when I was sick and dehydrated they gave me IV Flds, and were very attentive, DR Grove you should be very pleased with your office staff, health care givers, your nurse and especially Brittany, Thanks for helping me have a better quality of life, and working with me not giving up, and being there when I need you!  Thank you  for believing in me  Brittany you deserve recognition along with your co-workers for respecting me as a person and not a drug seeker.
Very popular spot in Charlotte, great desserts but the soups are to die for. I love going there grabbing myself some soup late at night to early morning and watching all the students studying. I'm not a student myself was past that age but to watch a person enjoy desserts and work their ass off a better future. There is good satisfaction in that environment when I'm there. I'm weird like that. Get the soups! Bomb.com
The hotel was nice, as soon as you pull up, it looks as good as the strip hotels, however its much cleaner and nicer.There were dinner hotspots and an active casino.The clientele and the staff were pleasant to be around. The rooms are spacious and clean which is hard to find in Vegas. We didn't want to leave!I really enjoyed the view. The window was large, the bottom half of the view is of the roof, however the sprawling mountains were glorious during the sunrise and sunset. This hotel is well off the strip (10 min drive) and allows for the limitless views.
Very cozy environment. The staff is friendly and not pushy. I can sit on their demo furniture for 20 minutes without been interrupted. However, their FREE Starbuck coffee taste like water. Well. It's FREE. I went there for the painting and rugs. Unfortunately, their products seem to be over-priced comparing to other wholesale furniture warehouse. Since I came all the way from Gilbert, they said that I will have to pay for extra shipping cost? Or I have to pick it up by myself? I wonder if the sales rep is new or simply telling me the wrong story? I did not buy the painting there, because you can find identical one online from other warehouse at lower price. I guess that's one of the reason they don't even offer Free WiFi. I will still give them 4 stars for their friendly and cozy environment.
Lisa was our waitress and she was very friendly. Also very informative about menu questions. The food was also very good and the alcohol drinks strings worth the money. Only problem we had was we were given no silverware after being served appetizer. Waited several minutes.Overall I highly recommend...
If the $5.99 lunch special proves to be as awesome as my first sampling of the jerk chicken combo this will be my go to place in North York for Jamaican food.Food is outstanding and for a small platter you get a lot!  I had three flavorful pieces dark meat chicken, two cups of rice and kidney beans, and coleslaw served on a huge oval platter.  The meat was tender and the rice was moist and cooked proper.They are located right beside San Francesco Pizza.
I grew up near here and now live in another province. Each time I come to Toronto I eat there with my son or my friend. The food is amazing but each time we order two laffas, always the laffa, don't bother with the pita, we regret it because it is so much food, one is enough for two normal people. To address the service, it is fine. I like the people behind the counter they have a good sense of humour and deliver on time.
I always make it a point to visit hash house while in the Vegas area, the portions are large and the food never disappoints, our usual is the Andy's sage fried chicken and waffles but this time we went for the man vs food special, the chicken egg Benedict with chipotle cream sauce. Holy moly delicious!! So much cream sauce over perfectly crunch fried chicken and mashed potatoes. It's my new favorite and I was overstuffed after splitting the plate. The service at the Stephanie location was good, I have no complaints, however the wait was a little long seeing how many open tables were available. Overall a great experience and even better food.
Food is awesome. I highly recomend Loco moco if you like hawaiian style. I also enjoyed breakfast menu which my other parties ordered and shared together. Two tips: you have to expect of waiting for15-20 minutes(worth it), potatoes as a side on the plate is seasoned and salty(tell them light seasoning or without)
I took my wife out for a night of seafood, some place different, so I thought of trying out Diana's for a change! While waiting for our seats we tried out a mix of oysters and a drink at the bar right as you enter the restaurant, nice! When seated we started with the seafood appetizer plate for two(grilled octopus, shrimp, lobster, calamari , cheese and veggies) very good! My wife had for dinner, the pasta w. shrimp and lobster in a Brandy sauce, very rich but oh so good. I had the surf/turf which came with veal scallopinni, scallops, lobster, potatoes and greens. DELICIOUS! Dessert was a special coffee for us both, simply because we couldn't fit anything else in our stomachs. Phew! It was a little pricey so be prepared and don't be shocked, but overall a very nice night! We'll be back!
Wonderful. Very flavorful, very interesting preparations, good ambience. Heirloom tomatoes were fantastic, fantastic locally sourced ingredients. The food tastes even better knowing the good that is being done thru this establishment.
Long line but great food. Always friendly staff.
What's up with restaurants in the Queen and Ossington strip closing at 3pm and opening at 6pm?! I mean seriously people, it's 3:30pm on a Friday and I am hungry! Their loss is my win I guess because as a result of this most distasteful realization I stumbled upon Café Bernate.The place looks small at first glance, but don't worry, there is a huge back room area with plenty of seating and even a little fenced in garage door area. The decor is simple. small circular tables in the font with a large concrete "mosaic" slab counter which features keys, buttons and other odd found objects. The back has more of a backyard jungle meets 70's cafeteria, with larger pastel blue tables and bright orange waffle plastic chairs.Trying to select which sandwich to order proved to be challenging with so many yummy options. I ended up ordering #20, the Chicken, artichokes, spinach, and brie melt on an Italian baguette with a Red & White side salad. The salad was good, but not worth the extra $4. My sandwich was perfection, with melted brie oozing from every corner,  I had to take  moment of silence to honour the divine piece of cheese that was about to sacrifice itself for my appetite.I ended my meal with a cookie and latte, which were both perfection. I will definitely be back to try more.
Some notes: restaurant is located in the Esplandade with the AMC cinema and to the east of the Ritz Carleton.  Best bet is to park in the parking garage and then go to the walking mall.  Even so, it's tough to find.  Don't give up.  Also, it is no longer Fuego Tacos, but now Fuego del Mar, with a seafood-centric menu.  That being said.  I was pretty edgy by the time we arrived.  We're from Cave Creek and had been out shopping and then had a heck of a time finding the place, so we arrived about 8.15---pretty close to closing.  And I had a Groupon---and there are Yelp reviews that said the staff DOESN'T like Groupon-ers.Greeted by guy that I assume is the gent someone described as "XL".  He's just a little round.  And was a warm, welcoming fella.  He beamed a smile at us, waved at dining room and told us to sit wherever we wanted.  We chose a cozy booth in the corner.  Our server was there in moments with menus and take our drink orders.  I wish I remembered her name---dark hair in a pony-tail, glasses, and really personable and nice despite it being the end of the night and we were late-comers.  Nice ambiance---exposed brick walls, soft light, great music---DH would have liked their playlist!TROUBLE: she hands us the menu.  Except for one dish, everything is seafood.  Fuego Tacos is now Fuego del Mar.  DH doesn't like fish and is semi-allergic to shellfish.  I asked if he wanted to leave, and he said no, we had gone thru too much to find the place---he would just order the one non-seafood dish.  At least he didn't have to make a lot of choices!  So DH ordered the Pernil Asada, which was described as slow-cooked pork topped with mango-chile salsa.  His sides were the Green Chile-Bacon Hushpuppies and the Latin Succotash.  I ordered their signature dish of Seafood Chile Rellenos---a poblano pepper stuffed with shrimp, crab and tilapia in a lobster-tomato sauce with hush puppies and Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw.  For drinks, DH got the house red and I got a Pomegranate Adult Lemonade.Drinks arrived in less than 5 minutes.  DH very happy with something he thought would be bottom row plonk.  My Adult Lemonade was SO delicious---I had to be careful!  I could have drank several of them.  It tasted like lemonade with a hint of fruit---but it definitely had alcohol in it!Entrees arrived within 15 minutes of the drinks.  DH's was all on one plate.  Three hush puppies, Latin Succotash---which looked delish---and a mound of pork with the salsa.  Not super pretty.  My presentation was much more beautiful---a mammoth poblano pepper in a puddle of light red sauce.  Slaw and hush puppies on the side.  Lovely presentation.  My only comment is that serving something in a bowl (albeit large) that needs to be cut is problematic.I'd like to say how wonderful DH's meal was, but basically I got one bite of his pork---that's all he would share---before he devoured it.  He said it was one of the best pork dishes he had ever enjoyed.  He felt like he was in the Caribbean!  I got no bites of the Succotash, darn him---looked so good!  He scarfed it all!   His hush puppies went that fast too!Was my seafood Chile Relleno the best thing EVER?  No, but it was VERY, VERY GOOD!  Beautifully cooked, not greasy,  seafood not overcooked at all, the lobster-tomato sauce was delicious.  Again, only quibble I have is serving it in a bowl.  It was a very deep bowl too---a smaller girl might have had trouble reaching in there, but I am fairly tall and long-armed.  The hush puppies---shut my mouth, darlin', but they were dang good!  Lots of lovely, bacon-y flavor, a hint of heat, and a touch sweet.  What is it with those Yankees not adding a bit of sweet to their cornbread?  Whoever made these knew what they were doing.  The Pineapple-Serrano Cole Slaw was in a citrus-y, non-creamy dressing and the crispness, the fruitiness and the heat was a perfect counterpoint to the richness of the Relleno.Huge portion---I ended up bringing home half the Relleno, Slaw and two hush puppies---LUNCH!  YUM!  DH swined his plate so it's deli turkey for him, hahaha!Bonus---ended up talking to the gentleman in the booth next to us---so interesting.  He is a musician who's lived all over the US and the world---Europe and the Middle East.  Really neat guy.  I wouldn't live in the City, but I love visiting the City 'cause you meet the most interesting people!So at the end, I pulled out my Groupon and gave it to our server, apologizing that I had "hid" it until the end, but that Yelp reviews had indicated Groupon-ers got short shift as far as service went.  She took it graciously with a smile and said one of the issues was when they were Fuego Tacos, people ordered $9 plates than proferred a $10 Groupon.  Not nice.  (BTW, Fuego del Mar entrees from $20-$25)For sure, we will be back.  It's a field trip for us, but worth it.  Just an all-around good experience.
We lived here for 15 months.  The property manager was great to work with.  We had to submit a couple of maintenance requests, but they were all taken care of within a day or two.  We only moved out because my wife gave birth to our second daughter and we needed more room.  I would definitely recommend the Arbors for a couple or small family.
I love this place. The kids Mac and cheese is the best! I wasn't a fan of the truffle Mac and cheese though. The impossible burger was so yummy! The only reason I'm not giving a 5 Star is because of the truffle Mac and cheese and the buffalo cauliflower. It was basically just boiled cauliflower with hot sauce. Would highly recommend this place though! Can't wait to go back.
Found this little place hidden on a way I sometimes take to get home. The food was really good actually. Had their walnut shrimp, chow mein, fried rice, spicy garlic shrimp and the boyfriend had spicy season chickens wings which he said were really good. I will definitely come back again.
This review is for the downtown (St Catherine) location.They've now (summer 2016) expanded into two wings: A Japanese cosmetics side (to the right) and the usual Korean cosmetics a few steps away. Whenever I buy products from here they are always fresh and of a high quality. I strongly recommend the Japanese sunscreens, if you can afford them!
I have returned to Clever Koi several times since my initial visit and they have really stepped up their game....they no longer have 5$ ramen, but, in exchange, they have tastier food. Their calamari, hummus, and tuna chips are all awesome! Their hh burger is tasty too. They also have a number of good and reasonably priced drinks. I've been converted into a fan!
The bacon poutine is a must have. I would suggest large so there is some for breakfast the next morning. Perfect drunk food and morning after food
The best part of the Hyatt is the staff! Wow, so impressed with the staff! In particular, Aubrey and Han. These two know how to make people feel very welcomed. There was another lady that was also SUPER! I was staying for the teacher's convention and my roommate accidentally took a bottle of water out of the mini bar. She then tried and tried and tried to replace it. When the bill came, I had several charges for this...I went and spoke to the front desk and the lady (whose name I didn't get) immediately took the charges off. She also made sure that my bags and car (which was in valet) were taken care of, as I had to stay later because I was also working  the event. The rooms were very clean and room service was sooooo yummy!My only complaint was when I went to pick up my car from valet. I gave my ticket to the tall gentleman (looks a little like Scott Disick for the Kardashians haha ;)) told me it would be 5-10 minutes. After 55 minutes, I finally went to say something. Han had just started his shift. He was extremely apologetic and pretty much snapped his fingers and my car was there. He then continued to offer me bottles of water for my ride home. He was very kind!  Overall. It was a great experience :) They also tend to have wine and watermelon infused water in the lobby...which is a nice touch!
My sister and I headed to V. Picasso for a sisters night out when I was home in Champaign this month. We really wanted to sit inside and enjoy the great interior decor (it's really clever and well done!) but the AC was on full blast and it was just too cold. Brrrrr! We sat outside instead and so lost some of the ambience.The service was terrific / our server was a young woman who knew her food service stuff well. We were impressed! I've lost the note with her name it she'd get kudos.Drinks were well made and food was yummy. Next time I'm bringing a sweater so I can give this place the five stars it deserves.
We tried PT Noodles tonight for dinner and it was amazing.  Everything as fresh and perfectly cooked.  The staff was friendly and helpful and made the experience really nice.  I would highly recommend eating here to anyone.  You won't regret it.
My place to eat on Tuesday the special which is $2.75 for fried chicken 2 PCs leg and thigh with fried rice with your choice of red sauce or jerk sauce. The chicken tastes fresh crispy and the rice is pretty good. This is The best deal in the area. Great carribean food to get here. Do not come here at lunch time the service is non existent expect to wait long but when you come evenings the staff during this hour is fast and exceptional service.
Great food and amount for price fix family style. I'd come back for this amazing meal. Highlight was the fish and pasta. Service was attentive. The only thing was that our server should have shown us the wine menu and prices. Seemed as though our second bottle was a lot pricier than expected when the bill came around.
A group of 8 us went there for my brother-in-law's birthday. I've frequented an Asian buffet in Scarborough (I think it's Buffet King) and I thought the Mandarin would have been more 'Canadianized' than I thought. My one and only reason for going to any of these buffets are for the crab legs. (my family with exception of my boyfriend and bro in law are Chinese) Let's be real - these places have to cater to 'lo fan' tastes (that's white people :) ) I thought this place was very good! It does not have many 'authentic' Chinese dishes, but I already knew that before I went. The crab legs were AWESOME. (the pre-cracked thing is amazing for a seafood pig like me!) They don't make any profit from someone like me who has 3 plates of crab legs and a bit of veg - no starches - leaving as much room as possible for the crab :) The place was nice and clean, service was very friendly (unlike 'authentic' Chinese restos... lol - my Asian sis's and bro's know what I mean) honestly, other dishes were ok/good, but that's the way at ANY buffet. (the little steak at the flat top station was pretty damn good) My lo-fan boyfriend's only disappointment was lack of ss pork. I am not a dessert person, but OMG - do not miss the crème brule! Don't be fooled that is in a little foil cup. It was better than other a high end steak house that I paid $15 for alone.  We're going to the Woodbine location this weekend, I am hoping it's as good as this one... and pray they have the crème brule!
Yet another great place to eat mexican on N. Tryon.  Bargain prices on the lunch menu, prices ranging from $5.75 to $6.75 including softdrink. Really can't go wrong at these prices. As to be expected a basket of chips along with salsa is brought to you with your drinks. The chips here are the best I've had in Charlotte, light with a pronounced corn flavor, the salsa is flavorful as well. Sundays are busy here as a live Mariachi band is on hand. Overall a nice find, but how do I choose ? My fave in the area is El Taco Veloz, and we have frequented Taquiria Guadalajara as well, now we have to add a 3rd place to our list for good mexican. These 3 places on N. Tryon blow away the "chain" restaurants, there really is no comparison.
Place is somewhat clean considering the amount of animals, staff was friendly to me.Im happy I adopted Sadie a 10 year old Shih tzu very sweet personality. Glad to give her a home and we love her alot.
Strangely enough, when family comes from Mexico, they want to come to pawn shops for electronics and jewelry. So we take them here because they're prices are reasonably fair.My sister got her itouch generation 4 here and it works great! We went to 5 different pawn shops for the best price and this place had the lowest price and it looked in better condition!They have jewelry-necklaces, charms, pendants, watches. They have DVDs, video games and video game systems, TVs, DVD players, phones, mp3 players, stereo systems and other electronics.If you need money quickly, you can pawn your valuables, and as long as you pay your interests on time, you can get it back. Granted they are good condition! Of all the pawn shops I've been to, this one is one of the good ones!
If you want breakfast food, go to Eggyday Noodles.To dine by the river, I recommend Estuary Noodles. And if you wanna see a stage production about how the nation is being lied to and manipulated, try Edgyplay Noodles. If you want a place to pull your Greyhound Bus into at the terminal, try Emptybay Noodles. And if you are feeling horny, try Entryway Noodles. But this is none of these.What to get: Mango Milk Tea w/ Pudding and Lychee Jelly.What not to get: A drink much better than your friend's because it might make them jelly.What else: Where did that cute Mango?How to improve: Offer small sizes in bubble teas, and make them a slightly better product.Erryday Noodles is not the kind of place I'd come erryday, especially not for Bubble Tea because, well, I don't want my stomach to be the size of Pittsburgh. I have yet to try their food but one of these days, I shall.At first I was going to give them 5 stars for bubble tea, but over the year or two since I first tried it, I've had a thousand bubble teas and my taste has become somewhat more refined. All I can say now is that it's good, but not amazing. I'd put several (including Love Yogurt, I-Tea and Sumi's) significantly ahead of it in the Burgh Bubble Battles.Speaking of Bubbles, the tapioca itself in here is a bit rubber and tasteless even though the drinks are pretty good. Milk tea is average but some of the other products taste better, such as Mango Milk with Pudding and Lychee Jelly. I do like the prices, which are larger than anywhere in the area, and for less money. I also love the service at EN, which is always friendly, prompt, and courteous. And if you just came here for a cup of tea, don't bother. You should have gone to Earlgrey Noodles.
I really dig this new Harkins.  I was pretty bummed when I heard they were closing down the Camelview location because I loved its artsy & Indie flicks and the retro vibe.  (I also dug the cheap prices!)  But this Harkins has kept up with their end of the bargain showing movies that bigger theaters don't.  Its also pretty darn nice to buy a ticket and a seat ahead of time and not fight the lines (Tempe Marektplace!) during opening wknds of the big realease movies.  Yes, its more expensive, but sometimes that is worth it for me.  You can also grab a cocktail if you're hanging around the mall and early for your movie ... A cocktail during or beforehand makes everything funnier, right?  Just don't have too many or you won't remember the flick.  ;-)
Pretty cool boutique with lots of fun items! Was here during their grand opening in Old Town as they just relocated from downtown PHX. I think a bit more inventory will definitely do them good in the long run. They have a beauty bar now where you can get the complete vintage pin up girl look from head to toe! So fun!!
Great food. Friendly service. They took away the Chicken Caprese sandwich which bummed me out.
Considering this restaurant is located directly below my office, I've never partaken in a meal here until the other day.  Literally, I was a "kid in a candy store" and was amazed by their setup here.  Almost cafeteria-esq style, you walk in, get greeted by the hostess/greeter person and he/she will give you a plastic card.  Depending on what you would like to eat for that meal, you walk up to the counter and order.  Place your card on the "magic" slot device and the put the item you are about to receive on it and you pay the cashier on the way out.  Kinda genius if you think about it.  Less waiters (they still bus the tables for you) and the tables are first come-first serve.I think my favorite part of this place is that they make their pasta in-house.  Even have a room dedicated to it.  During my lunch, I totally watched a guy make pasta from scratch and then put it through a machine.  Rotini was being made at that particular time.I ordered from the pasta station and the chef?/line cook was super nice.  I think he could tell I was a newbie, and was patient with me.  Deciding on the Smoked Salmon Carbonera... the started making my lunch right in front of me.  In about 7-8 min... I had a delicious, steaming bowl of pasta presented before me.  My buddy had a salad which involved a beeper (so will have to try that next time).  And their pizza's look pretty awesome too.The restaurant space itself is modern with clean lines, but warm woods and decorated with small herb plants.  Each table has its own oil, salt, pepper, balsamic.  I tried to take it easy on the bread, but it was too hard to resist.
Girlfriend took me here for my birthday. Awesome pizza. A little pricey but well worth it.
Let's be honest, I would never have discovered this place if I didn't live on top of it. Now I live about a block away from it, and don't want to move much further from it!It is perfect, gourmet take out for a young professionals face paced lifestyle. Superbly decorated (love the concrete floor) with a rich atmosphere and amazing food to choose from (herb crusted mac and cheese :) Staff is happy to greet you with a smile and help you out with all your questions. Sit in, or take out you... won't be disappointed. One more reason I love my little Bridgleand.
I sent might want to change daughter and her sister her sister came to town very nice people there good clean salon love the atmosphere you did a great job and The girls are beautiful
Love it. Owners are from West Babylon, NY. They had a pizza shop and Italian bakery in Islip Terrace NY right down the street from where I grew up. I could not believe they lived here for so long and I was unaware. Garlic Knots are great and the pizza is good NY style. The family were all in tonight and visited our table when they heard we were from East Islip. Uncle Joe is such a nice man. The entire evening was just delightful. I am happy to discover this little gem of a place and I will be back. Happy to say they opened a Beall's outlet right next door too so I can shop and eat. Well, at least until they move to their new location.
Not a good wine selection but man was I hungry after a 4 hour drive. The Greek salad on romaine  with chicken was very good. My bf had the stuffed chicken, collards and green beans. He thought the chicken was very good. I would eat here again.
It's been a looooonngg time since I've been here that it was practically my first time. Came here with a few friends for sushi, and sushi was all we had... although I did start with a bowl of their shiitake mushroom soup. Yummy! We ordered a boat and a couple of extra hand rolls - one was a jumbo spider roll, and jumbo it was. Overall, the sushi was good and fresh - well prepared and well presented. Servers were friendly and attentive. My only tiff is the space seemed really cramped. Tables were too close to each other. Makes it very hard to have intimate conversations.I was, however, pleasantly surprised that they serve Malaysian cuisine. Only came for sushi on this visit, so I'll definitely be back to try their Malaysian menu for another review.
Been going there since it opened.  Never been disappointed!  Food is always delicious.  Great service and atmosphere.  My go to sushi place!
I had dinner at Humble Pie in Scottsdale last night, the bar tender Marcus was very polite, had great recommendations which were awesome and has a great personality! The bar has a great set up, had it been a little warmer I would've sat at the outside bar.. They did have heaters but inside was just as nice. I had the huge wedge salad, the lettuce was crispy, all veggies were fresh but the only ingredient missing was BACON! Shame on you, Humble Pie! I also had the margherita pizza only because I had to try a pie! This is a must try and enough for two, maybe 3 if you have starters.. No need to over stuff yourself! If I have another chance to come back while in Scottsdale, I definitely will!
The cheese and chicharon Pupusas were very good. I ordered to go, would of liked more "curtido" for the amount of pupusas I ordered but loved both the red and green chile salsa. Overall was pleased with the taste.
I have been to Pink Taco twice and have enjoyed both times. The first time I got the chile rellano which is stuffed with refried beans which is odd but tasty. The second time I got a vegetable burrito which was also good. The portions are huge I always need a box the end. Another great thing is the chips and the three different kinds of salsas which I could eat by itself. Only thing that sucked was the kids cup sized margarita for $10.00. I was like "come on"-- "Seriously." If you get a choice sit outside it was nice. P.s. Guacamole is not chunky but had alot of onion in it which I think is good.
As a vietnamese food lover, the pho soup of this place seems a little bit modified to me. Not a huge fan. But Their Bun is very tasty. Love it!
As a vegetarian, this restaurant is all wrong for me. However I came here for dinner w/ 4 others and didn't pay a dime of the bill so I was fine with it. The others (rest were non-vegetarians) seemed to enjoy their food and our waiter was excellent. The place was quite nice and we had a great view of the famous Bellagio watershow so I was entertained as well as enjoying the several side dishes/appetizers that I ordered (obviously couldn't order the steak) and washed it all down with decent wine.
For a little local grocery store, the Kitchen Table ranks high. They have an excellent range of products, fresh deli counter, lots of variety and even carry the Canadian delicacy known as "party sandwiches".
Awesome raw vegan food and a comfortable atmosphere. I've been here twice and I am definitely going again. The food is delicious and fresh and the customer service is great! I just wish they had a wider range of food to choose from and more desserts.
I am such a fan of Bobby Flay (or any Food Network personality, for that matter) that I gravitate towards his restaurants, even in cities known for having other bigger, better, badder eateries (NYC, Las Vegas, etc.) Mesa Grill is a spacious, comfortable, contemporary spot located in Caesar's Palace.The bf & I walked in at 10:30m p.m. without a reservation & were seated promptly. The restaurant was still about 30% full. Our waitress was patient, energetic & did not rush us through our meal. 5 stars for service & for checking on us often.Food, gorgeous, food:- bread basket: loved the blue & yellow corn muffins- appetizer: tiger shrimp with corn tamale (not my favorite thing-corn was more dense than fluffy, shrimp was slightly fishy.)- side dish: double baked potato (loved the subtle spice & heat from the horseradish.)- bf's entree: new mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin- my entree: fillet rubbed filet mignon (well done & still tender & juicy. huge portion.)- desserts: (yes plural.) the bf & i shared a slice of coconut cake & i brought home the cookie sampler (6 different delicious cookies, 2 of each: snickerdoodle, biscotti, nutella/chocolate sticks, brownie bites with peanut butter icing, pine nut cookie, chocolate chip with nuts.) Awesomeness to the 10th power.Total: $135 (not including tip.) I am not a cheap date (well, ok, sometimes I am, but not today.)
Nice views from atop.  Info was general but informative. Lashon, our guide was friendly,  our driver was amy
booked two rooms here through priceline...when we got to the hotel they couldn't even put us in rooms next to eachother. thankfully they let us upgrade to a one bedroom with a suite attached. couldn't imagine it any other way--we opened all the doors at it was like we were in a two bedroom suite :D we hardly left the hotel, everything you need is right there!
My wife and myself came here on a Friday night  knowing that it would be busy we were seated in less than 10 min. We ordered and were surprised that our meal was served just as we finished our appetizer. The service was excellent  and the only thing we could find fault with was that one steak was grissly. The manager wanted to make another but I didn't think it nessary.  Our overall experience was great
This location has all of the usual elements: the service is great, the ingredients are very fresh, and the offerings are simple and tasty.Jersey Mike's bread is my favorite sandwich bread in town (must be the result of my Philly roots).  Getting it Mike's Way really makes for a great sandwich, too:  it's a fantastic combination of lettuce, tomato, onion, red wine vingear (the more, the better!), olive oil (I prefer just a splash), oregano and salt! My husband and I usually split a Giant Veggie sandwich, which comes for two kinds of cheese and green peppers.  It's a pretty good deal (not priced like Subway, but doesn't taste like Subway, either).
I have always had decent service when I am here. Not pushy and over bearing but not none existent. Just ask and they are more than willing to help. Things might be a little pricey here but there are always things hiding. They have a full shop in the back for when you decide to kiss asphalt or taco a wheel. They know what they are doing.
We've been going to Lone Spur since it opened. The service is always 5 star (IMO, Amy is the best) but, sometimes, the kitchen needs help. You can't run a good restaurant without competent kitchen staff. The Lone Spur needs a great chief and some good Indians. Breakfast was very good this week and we're going to keep coming.
The best part about Paramount is the extra bread & coffee. I love the garlic paste, hummus and Manakesh. Though, I feel the bread (khubus) is too thick. Recently, they have increased the prices of many items. Also, they have decreased the garlic container and the quantity..I would have given it 5 stars if the prices were good.Paramount is a good place for family and friends. They don't take long time to serve and have friendly and nice waiter's..The portion size for mixed grill, sandwiches: chicken, beef shawarma's and kofta sandwich (is large)...Rather two can eat in one sandwich, as it is quite filling!My best thing, would be just bread and garlic sauce! But, ALAS! the small portions of garlic sauce has really made me REALLY unhappy!
Look at the many many comments posted, this place is great, Ive been coming to this place for years, affordable and always a pleasant experience
Nice variety of thai food.  Cheap prices and the taste was good.  Feigning for rice on this trip... I ordered the eggplant stirfry with rice.  It was yummy and they offered a Vegetarian menu.  I'm definitely coming here again if in the area of Las Vegas and craving thai food.  Yum.  Thanks, Thai Style Noodle House.  I think you were the food highlight of my trip compared to my other stops. :)And it was packed in and out while I was there.  That's usually a good sign. :)
Great sushi joint at Hilldale. You cannot beat their lunch specials. My personal fave is the chef's choice of 3 rolls for $10. Yes, TEN dollars. It includes one veggie, one seafood and then one random. It's the best lunch deal around. The seaweed salad is hit and miss and can quickly double your lunch bill at an additional $7.The restaurant is small and fills up quickly, but if there's room, sit at the sushi bar! The guys are super nice and always willing to answer any questions!
Discovered it on a walk, the coffee is pretty good, decent but there machine looks like it could use a good cleaning. Had a chocolate ice cream with little chunks of chocolate that was amazing. Would definitely come back here.
I've been coming here on and off since 2009. I've had great professors overall. 3 of them I didn't care too much for. I never had a problem with financial aid staff, just advisement. I have waited an hour for advisement even if there's 2 students in front of me. One of the advisors in Buckeye talked to me for a minute and then got up to help other students and ignored me for the rest of the time even though I wasn't done asking questions.
I've heard that this is the place to go for shoes.  Now, I'm not into the country scene.  At all.  So I was skeptical.  It is a country store...VERY country.  But they also have "regular" shoes, too and a really decent assortment.  They do loose a star for price, though.  I know shoes aren't cheap...I get that.  But when the average price that I could see on the shelf was over $100...that's pricey.What amazed me most, though, was the customer service.  The associate helping us gave us our space, but regularly checked in.  When we were headed to the register, she met us to take our items and escorted us to the register and acted as liaison with the cashier, and made sure we left with her card and a coupon for next time.  Definitely made the trip!
I'm really glad this place is just around the corner! Yummy, quality Chinese food ready and fresh in no time. My favorite dishes include: house fried rice, salt and pepper pork chop, and the flat noodles.
The sushi chef is super friendly and nice.  Quick and good.  Can't beat 50% off rolls!
A nice stop for my mid day lunch out of the 108 degree heat. The chicken was very good and I tried a beer (or two) that I hadn't had before, so it was a good experience. SRSLY, I was in and out in about 45 minutes, which was perfect for my lunch hour. Would def come back again with more time. Waitress was friendly, service was prompt and restroom was clean. All good here.
This place is a hidden gem! The pickle fries were a great app! My steak salad was a little over priced for the amount of salad that you get but it was good. My mom got the summer blt sandwich and said it was delicious. We ate outside on the covered patio which was beautiful. Great place to eat on Neville
I have not yet reached the stage in my career where I can claim to be a flight lounge connoisseur, but I can comfortably say that AC Maple Leaf Lounge is one of the best ones I have experienced thus far. The lounge is well equipped with everything from showers, to the most recent issue of the Economist (which you can take with you)! The food options range from appetizers to hot food and to my surprise, the self serve open bar features more than a few top shelf items. Perhaps most importantly for frequent fliers, the lounge seating is definitely more comfortable than the average flight lounge, though I did not notice any beds/ recliners! Finally, I did not sense an air (!) of pretension and instead found the staff to be very courteous and accommodating.   Overall a classy and presentable flight lounge that provides a good first impression of the nation's biggest airport and city. Well done AC, at least you got this one right!
Best sushi in town.Fresh. Delicious. Many choices. Good seating. Love it! Down side is the price. Go during lunch for sushi but if you want more seafood, go at night.
I had my first experience with Korean BBQ here and really enjoyed myself with my family. I DO NOT suggest the ribs, as they were all fat and bone, but the beef, pork and chicken were all really great. I loved the thin slices, as it was difficult to screw up cooking anything, and the bubble tea I had, had real fruit in it floating around :) YOU NEED TO ASK FOR A GRILL CHANGE WHEN YOU NEED ONE, as I found they didn't ask, but were more than happy to do so when we did. The wait staff was fine, the guy we had was friendly and we were seated right away. It wasn't busy when we went, but seemed steady. I'd really like more veggie selections and vegetables in general though, and the tofu we had was ice cold in the middle and oozed liquid although it was cooked on the outside. Will be going again, but trying something else and not eating the tofu.
After having issues with nearby Terrible Herbst. Trying to use Gift Cards, I received . Went to this one. Was in and out with no issues. Thanks Sarra. Worth leaving one of the Gift Cards at other store.
I went for the fish, but I'll definitely be coming back for the barbeque.  The cashier was very friendly, and the prices are just right.  I had the 2 piece cod basket which came with a generous side of my choice ( I had potato salad) and 2 hush puppies.  The pieces of fish were huge and too hot to handle right away, which gave me plenty of time to enjoy the potato salad.  The potato salad was average, but the fish was superb.  The only downside is the location.  It is on the NE corner of Jefferson and 24th Street.  With the light rail, you have to make sure you are on the left side of the light rail or you will end up taking a detour.  There is also a large homeless population in the area.  Otherwise, I really hope this place survives so I can go back for more.
Order Three Things:*Braised Short Rib-Yummy & Soooo Tender!*Ham Mac & Cheese-Sauce flavorful but Noodles were uncooked.*Rabbit Pot Pie-Cooked just right but on the sour side. Huge chunks of Rabbit! :)*$5 Wine Tasting on Wednesday Nights! *Service was pretty good.
I was referred to this location because a casual friend knows Jacob.  He was very helpful, explained how warranties & service agreement work.  He even thought of things I didn't even think about while seeking a new refrigerator.  I feel like I'm getting the best fridge for the money.  I even referred my mother-in-law to him.  Neither of us live on this side of town but trust is worth the drive.
We went really early to beat the dinner rush and were rewarded with a great booth. The ambience is relaxed and cozy, though it's not dressed down by any means. The staff wear cute bow ties and are very attentive and friendly. I was pleased with mostly everything except the Aloette Punch. The jasmine tea and champagne syrup were nice, but I was hoping for a stronger aromatised wine, well, punch. (You saw that coming and still kept reading so whose fault is that, really.)Toasted bread and yeast butter comes with your order. The roasted squid was great but considering that's what it's called, perhaps they should pull back on the pork belly so it's not 50-50. Needs more squid. The crispy squash with brown butter hollandaise is very good, you can't skip it. And another must for meat lovers is the rib eye steak. Cooked slowly to perfection so order it early if you're starving. The king oyster mushrooms that come with it are almost as good as the steak itself. I'll definitely be back.
While recently visiting Cleveland and looking for a good place to enjoy a nice meal on a Saturday night with an old friend, she suggested we check out what is apparently the hottest new spot in town. I was of course intrigued when she mentioned that they had Mexican food - as I am a huge fan of anywhere where there are margaritas and chips and salsa. We called earlier in the day in hopes of getting a reservation, but were told they were booked and we'd have better luck simply arriving and waiting for a table. When I got there around 7:45 I was told the wait would be about an hour for a table for three, so we promptly posted up at the bar and got ourselves a cucumber and spicy mango margarita - both of which could not have been more different or more phenomenal. The cucumber marg was cool and refreshing, a delicious summer beverage and the mango was spicy - seriously so - and delicious - the perfect pair with their guac and chips. We were seated in a little under 45 minutes from the time we walked in, which wasn't bad and went fast while seated at the bar, enjoying the first drinks. Immediately when we sat down we began perusing and knew we wanted some queso and guac. It took a few minutes before a server appeared and when he did we promptly ordered some cucumber guac and some chorizo queso. The queso and guac were unusual - the queso in an amazing way - it wasn't so cheesy and contained a very generous portion of sausage and onions and was served with tacos. The guac however wasn't really my jam - I didn't love the cucumbers in there and found myself eating around them. We got the gouda dumplings which were unlike anything else I've ever tasted and were amazing. We also tried the shrimp taquitos which came in a sauce that was literally unreal - seriously I was dipping my chips in it and would have eaten it with a spoon. We also go the brisket tamales which were good, but a little sweet for the mood I was in that night and not enough relleno sauce in my book. We also got a side of beans and rice and I rarely say this, but the rice was heavenly with some lime on it - seriously the best white sticky rice I've ever had. The prices for the quality and portions were great - for two apps, two drinks, three side dishes and two mains we paid $90 and took home two large to go boxes because we just couldn't finish everything. This place is 4.5 stars, just can't give it the full 5 because the service was a little slow and I didn't dig the cucumber guac.
Came here for high tea on a weekend. Making reservations is recommended because it does sometimes get busy. We were served a tower of delicious food, from bruschettas to scones, to macarons to their hazelnut chocolate cake. Staff were friendly. Would come again.
Came here for a birthday with some 3 friends. I had the osso bucco and we shared the giant meat ball and crespelles. Was a lot of food (good portion sizes) The osso bucco was pretty good, and the foccacia for soaking up all the sauces was amazing, but the highlight we all agreed upon were the crespelles. Soft pillowy texture surrounding silky cheese. It is really loud on account of the high ceilings (This used to be a bank of Nova Scotia, but it closed after getting robbed too many times) but not so bad that I couldn't hear other people at the table. Great atmosphere with cool artwork and dim lighting. Service was attentive and on point.
I came on a busy Saturday night, the wait was reasonable and staff was new (you can just tell) but working hard.  The food was so so. I had a cheese burger and fries. The burger had a single leaf of wilted lettuce, nothing else. It look sad on the plate... Flavor was just so so. The biggest disappointed that the menu board, the big lite one behind the bar advertised Rebel IPA they were out of... If you want chain style bar food, resort prices, lots of big TVs, cute hard working staff... This is your place.
No problems here. It ranks pretty high for an airport. Cheap flights from EWR to CLE. No wait, no BS.
Second Sunday we've ordered from here. After moving into the Waterford apartments we'd been trying to find good delivery and I think we find it! The delivery service is amazing. Can't get over how nice the delivery man was. Best service I've ever had. And the margarita pizza was beautiful just as he said. We're definitely making this our new Sunday pizza place! Thanks so much!!
I love a good hot dog and we were excited to try this place out after hearing great things. We drove by one night with family and it turned out to be just a small inside counter with only about 2 seats. They do have a picnic table outside for nice weather days. We decided to come back a few weeks later and planned for take out this time.  I ordered the regular hot dog and they have a wide variety of free toppings including ketchup, mustard, onions and pickles that I went for.  My fiancé ordered 2 of the specialty dogs, one with mac and cheese with bacon the other with spicy peppers and sauce.  We loved them all and the dogs are served on large fresh buns and they split the dog lenghtwise to get the toppings inside-yum.   For $2.50 extra you can get an order of fries and drink.  I ordered 2 sides instead and got the mac and cheese which was amazing and I highly recommend. I also got the potato salad which was not so great-basically frozen hash browns in mayonnaise.  Regardless it is still worth stopping by when in the area.
I ordered food from here and it was still so tasty when I got home. I got pad z ew and chicken green curry. Both dishes were very good, especially the green curry. I have had super milky green curries at other places which luckily wasn't the case here. I loved it. Nice rich flavor they immediately reminded me of my time spent in Thailand. I look forward to dining in and exploring the menu some more
Awesome food and service thanks to the manager All our breakfast food was on point my kids loved their food my wife loved it everything was good to go and the pies were to die for
Duck poutine pizza. Of course, that is what everyone is talking about. I'm still thinking about it the next day. It's one of those dishes that is perfect for the great white north. The kind of food you need to fatten up before the great hibernation. If bears could, they would order the duck poutine pizza before they slept for the winter. And after a lunch of this pizza I needed a nap. It's definitely worth a trip to Bannock to eat this deliciousness especially if you need to bulk up for a long cold winter.
So I've checked out this place a few times and I am hooked on their fries and grilled cheese sticks! Fries have great flavor, texture, and cooked to perfection. The grilled cheese sticks, if you're a cheese lover its so gooey and cheesy that you have to try! Now for dessert, if you have a chocolate craving/sweet tooth (especially if you're a woman and your "Friend" is in town lol) you have to try their oreo sundae! #OreoLover haha Anyways I've tried most of their menu items and I think there burgers and chicken sandwiches are average - considering it is a fast food joint and not a gourmet restaurant. The best part is they're cheaper price wise compared to everything else that's out there. My only complaint is that if you're in drive thru and have to wait for them to finish cooking your food, they want you to park in front of the red no parking zone as they dont have a designated place to park and wait for them to finish and bring out your food.
We visited last Friday and enjoyed it all! The house classic Rita was very good  We had three! The chips and salsas were fresh and tasty.  We had tacos and I must say the chef is creative.  Guess what? I went again on Saturday with my girlfriend and this time I had the Pescado (fish).  It was delish! We will be back!
I've found baseball goods for my son here. They have more options than sports authority. I will be coming back here for baseball equipment instead of any other sports store.
Korean fusion resto with a contemporary decor makes Doma a stand out Resto in my books. We didn't opt for the tasting menu as we all had a late lunch.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered 4 dishes to share. We had the tofu steak, kalbi, fish and shrimp with dumplings and grilled squid.  My favourite was the fish/shrimp with dumplings for flavour followed by the kalbi for creativity.  The kalbi came with thinly slices of pickled radish for wrapping. It was delish! I enjoyed the meal and atmosphere but I didn't enjoy the bill.  The four dishes cost $100 before gratuity.  A bit expensive for tapas size dishes.
Not a vegetarian or vegan, but I LOVE this place.  The food is amazing enough to convert a carnivore. Recommend to all my friends!
We ate breakfast at Avenue Diner twice during a visit to Calgary.  Enjoyed it both times.  Service was good even though it was busy.  The carrot cake waffels were delicious.  My kids did great there as well.  They enjoyed the food and loved the hot chocolate with whipped cream that our waitress fixed for them.  I will be back for breakfast next trip to Calgary!
Had dinner here the other night, Chef Luigi did a fantastic job again.  Started with the oysters on the half shell, very fresh Newfoundland water oysters served with mignonette--always one of my favorites.  Second course was the corn and lobster chowder from the menu--as always very delicate and the sweet corn adds to the flavor of the lobster.  Third course was a special salad Luigi made--fresh sliced pears and arugula lettuce with a lemon and vinaigrette dressing with walnuts, very nice.  Fourth course was a wonderful saute sea scallops, normally not on the menu so thank you Luigi.  Fifth course was a special steak tartar and brioche.  My main course was a wonderful Lamb chop served with garlic mashed potatoes--very nicely done.  And to finish it all off, had a simple cheese plate--again not normally on the menu but well appreciated.  The dining here has always been great and with the special attention from the chef as well as the regular staff, had a great time.
the perfect place for an afternoon pint!stopped in around noon on Saturday for a pint, but as soon as the waitress mentioned 'spicy caesar' i got one of those instead - Martie makes a killer one! my sister & I shared some little snack type things - bacon wrapped dates, pulled pork slider, deep fried Shepards pie balls - and while none of it was mind blowingly awesome, it was all still good, and together with the setting, the service, and the caesar, it was a pretty great experience!
My 4 year old ate up all of the blueberry sorbet and my 2 year old (amazingly) devoured his vegan snickerdoodle ice cream.  Had a fun time.
Driving by and tried it. Flavorful burger and fresh salad with grilled chicken. Good value.
Le café Cherrier ou Le Cherrier (pour nous). Il n'est plus nécessaire de le présenter, il s'agit d'une "institution" montréalaise ou tout du moins du Plateau. J'avoue y avoir pris mes habitudes, logeant dans le quartier, ce restaurant est devenu une sorte de cantine. J'aime ce style bistrot, et l'ambiance des habitués, au comptoir, en terrasse ombragée l'été.. On s'y sent bien, la musique ne couvre pas les discussions, le wi-fi est gratuit et les fins de journées sont agréables avec le soleil couchant. A 2 pas du métro Sherbrooke, proche du square St Louis très agréable.Il y a très souvent du monde, surtout le soir, mais une table pour 2 est toujours possible. Pour ne pas prendre de chance, les réservations sont possibles.Le staff est toujours agréable et au petits soins. Si vous avez des enfants, ils apportent des crayons afin qu'ils dessinent sur les sous mains. Très bonne idée !Le fait de venir souvent y est sans doute pour beaucoup, mais j'aime ce contact amical. Il arrive régulièrement que l'on me propose la quiche du jour sans que j'ai à poser la question ;) Dans l'assiette, des classiques de bistrot français sur une carte plutôt grande. Des brunchs les fins de semaines. Un menu du jour bien entendu, une table d'hôte, un petit dessert, un café ou un simple verre de vin au comptoir, tout est possible. Toujours bon, rien de "fancy" mais ce n'est pas l'objectif, je pense.Pour finir, je trouve les prix raisonnables.Bref si l'expérience vous tente, allez y!
My husband and I went here to dinner for the first time last week and it was fabulous.  I had the pork medallions.  I am not one to order pork, but the waiter assured me they would be delicious--and they were.  My husband had the veal chop and it was also flavorful and yummy.  For starter were shared the shrimp tamale--which was to die for.  Should have ordered two--so very good.  Each entree came with a tamale with pecans, and it was unbelievably good.I was so impressed we returned for brunch.  I was not so impressed, and was actually disappointed with my dish.  I had scrambled egg chilaquiles.  I did not like the flavor of the sauces at all, and had really expected something great.  Would not recommend at all.  They were more like deconstructed chilaquiles.  My husband, on the other hand, ordered two appetizers.  He had the shrimp tamale--which was every bit as good as before, and the bacon and egg quesadilla, which again was superb.   Service was goo, and the bread baskets on both trips were very good.  I would go back again, but certainly would skip the chilaquiles.
the bun and fish sauce were awesome.the pho beef did not disappoint.flavours, smells all authentic. prepared fresh onsite.ladies were friendly.informal and no-nonsense atmosphere.go here if you're craving proper viet food!
(4) ~ very good overall brunchMENU:** Monkey Bread = (4.5) Very Good!  ** Steak & Egg Tacos = (4) very good, especially when you add hot sauce** Water(tap) = (4) very good* Bacon Flight = (3.75) Good* Orange Juice = (3.5) good* Coffee = (3.5) good
Wow, such a great find in an airport of all places!  The dark, upscale ambiance here was a welcome contrast from the usual airport feel and I'm glad that the food and service matched it accordingly.Our meal began with some chips & guacamole and while the former could've been fresher, I loved the creamy guac.  Next, my carnitas pork roast was sliced paper thin and topped with just enough BBQ sauce to deepen the savory flavors without drenching everything.  Finally, the key lime pie at the end was sweet and refreshing.A five up high goes out to the waitress too as she really did an excellent job throughout the meal - well-spoken, enthusiastic with recommendations and very attentive to our needs.
Damn. First, I thought, $4.50 for a gelato and only one scoop of it...that's a lotta money even for Vegas.Then I saw the scoop. It's like 2 pretty big scoops pretending to be one. I ordered the blackberry one since I've been obsessed with blackberries lately and damn, it was good.A great light dessert before dancing the night away in Vegas.
I really like this place!!!!  For a number of reasons, friendly service, excellent ambience with a trendy, comfortable feel, good food and a great bar to sit and just be friendly.  We ordered the Greek appetizer, which is very common in many places, but the presentation of this one, made it quite different from the rest.  On the bottom was hummus, topped with traditional Greek style cucumber, tomato with light olive oil dressing, and a side of Tzazitki and pita.  Unique and quite good.  More pita would have been nice.  For lunch we ordered the Porkwich, recommended by the waitress and a side of the Mac and Cheese. The sandwich was delcious, but the Mac and cheese lacked "punch" and I was not wowed by it.  I'll save that for the Tuck Shop next time.  We also ordered the ribs and they were tender, tasty and really had a nice unique flavor.  We had a side of the potatoes and OMG, they were delicious.  I really wanted to try the Crab Cake BLT and will definitely do that next time.  The best part...CHURN.  I love how it is connected to the restaurant and you can get an entirely different experience at the same location.  We had a pricey "create your own" sundae and enjoyed it on the beautiful patio with misters outside.  It was very nice to be able to leave the restaurant, but not and enjoy an outdoor experience with ice cream in 105 degrees and feel very comfortable.   Enjoy!
Had my first meal at Under the Table last night and it most certainly won't be my last.  I had a fish combo - salmon, shrimp and halibut (I think).  It came in a delicious dill sauce with garlic mashed potatoes, broccoli, asparagus and carmelized onion.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the dill sauce was so delicious I had to scoop up every bit.  My friends ordered funnel cake for dessert and I had chocolate brownie with ice cream and caramel sauce.  Wow - the brownie was so good and it was the perfect ending to the meal.  My friends couldn't manage all the funnel cake so gave me a bit (never had it before).  I will be having that next time.Bottom line, the owners are lovely and very friendly.  The atmosphere feels like your home with a group of friends and the food is really delicious.  The prices are very fair and I can't wait to go back and try the oxtail!
Saw an advertisement for Jardin so I decided to give it a try. I'm a big fan of the Wynn/Encore casinos but I've never eaten there. I usually make reservations but I was too lazy I just walked up and was seated within 10mins. The decore is open and airy with beautiful flowers. It was a toss up between the chicken sandwich and chicken and waffles/French toast. I decided on the French Toast and a Cajun Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary was very good and the food was good also. I would recommend Jardin for Breakfast/ Brunch.
I am a real Chinese, so this flavor is all I'm being looking for in Glendale...we ordered several "signature" dishes for schzuan style on the menu, and there are definitely ups and downs here:The cold dishes taste really good. We ordered beef tripes, and they're delicious.We also tried the kidney, love it! The chicken in hot wok, love it! The steamed whole tilapia, you HAVE TO try it!!! Super delicious!!!The water-boiled series are a little bit turned down for me. The taste is weird and there should be way more vegetables in the soup. In general, pretty good place to have some schzhuan style food.
We have dropped by 2 days in a row for hot drinks and pastry. An eclectic looking place with wifi as an added bonus, which my husband greatly appreciates.Their Americano...8 oz which i always like with 2 shots was pretty decent yesterday, though they were cleaned out of pastry except scones (which were okay)  Today I requested tea but a not too sweet variety and tried a chai spiced latte, which was delightful. Muffins and cookies are baked in house.It seems a pretty popular spot and one we would return to again.
Just opened this location near me which I was looking forward to. First experience did not disappoint.  Had halibut and chips with gravy and it was really good. Was really busy so I had to wait a bit for takeout but good job and good luck
The food and service here is excellent. We have eaten here 3 times and not disappointed. Love the chicken Tika masala and korma. Restaurant itself is 4 star food and service has been 4.5.
I would strongly recommend a reservation for this place.It has a truly unique atmosphere and if you are visiting Montréal it should be on your list.The service was impeccable (James) and the management (Scott) was very attentive.I love their decorations.The food was beautifully presented .A great place for a date or if you want to try something different.
I absolutely love the concept of this place!!!! Its so much fun! Has the best views of the strip, many games to choose from. (Ask the staff if you can move a game closer to your table. They're very helpful). Tipsy giant Jenga was fun. The food is good, the drinks are better.Only thing they lost a star on is they stop serving food at a certain hour from what I was told. Kind of a bad idea to serve drinks and no food...you'll end up loosing money and end up with overly drunk guests. They're still new, so I'll give them a pass.
excellently stocked! This joint is kept up with a sincere effort to produce a great experience. I found the staff to be super friendly N informative. Definitely a worthy visit, they have TONS of goods: surplus/survival/camping/hiking/fishing/hunting/historian/collector/enthusiast/afficiando, et al. you will be enthralled N satiated. I'll be back...
Great bagel if purchased straight from the oven. Seriously, only get the fresh ones. Otherwise it's just an ordinary bagel. When ordered right out of the oven its crispy outside and chewy goodness inside. Worth the walk from downtown (2miles).
Tasty food and large portions in this strip mall restaurant that i would never have found without Yelp. Sure, you can go to the fast food place next door but if you want something hand cooked and not mass produced, here you go.I opted for the Hawaiian Chicken, which arrived to my table about ten minutes later. A huge piece of grilled and sweetened chicken, a large portion of sticky white rice and a pile of macaroni salad. The chicken was good and hot, plenty flavorful and went well with the spicy sauce from the squeeze bottle that was provided.Sweet tea and Pepsi products from the soda fountain.
There's one by our house so we always come to this location. Service is fast and food is consistently good. Their corn bread is to die for and I'm trying not to eat more than one cause I would not enjoy my delicious BBQ. Love the shredded pork and the burnt ends. This is where we go to when we crave for BBQ
Great burgers and fries. Nice atmosphere and good service.  The only negative is that the prices are a little high for a burger joint.  With that said, still think it was great food!
Les meilleurs sous-marins de Laval.  Ouvert uniquement l'été, le steak-pepperoni est imbattable!!
Just go. Order the truffle fries, the pork belly tacos, & whatever sushi special on the menu that sounds good to you. It was a PARTY in my mouth! I get goose bumbs thinking about it. This was the best food experience I have had in NC thus far. Thank me later.
One of the few good korean restaurant in this area. They cut back on some things from the last time I came. But the food was good. I'll be back.
What's not to love! I grew up eating this food, so i can honestly say the quality of the food is great and tastes really good! Meat is tender and seasoned well, chicken is juicy and seasoned right, rice is cooked well and not too buttery/oily. Owner is nice & friendly and - BONUS - they cater!!
Great wings & ribs! Very pleasantly surprised. Meaty, lean wings (full wing) with BBQ char - much much better than standard wings from the fryer. Amazing draft beer selection; never would have guessed it from the outside. Very reasonable prices too! Highly recommend for a very casual dinner to catch the game.  Will be back!
I am Updating my review because Ashley the owner contacted me. She did offer to correct the situation. She apologized for the "less then warm" reception and assured me that is not a usual occurrence. I stand by my original opinion that extractions should be included in a facial. She did state they usually are but that does not mitigate the fact I already paid $20 for that "extra" service. I added an additional star to my review because I admire Ashley's professionalism and commitment to customers. I think she genuinely cares about her business and keeping clients happy. I don't live in the Phoenix area any more but I might give them another shot if I visit in the future.
One my list of favourites at the moment. Fresh yummy food! Guacamole was sooooo soooooo good, chicken tacos and margaritas are awesome and even the red wine list tops it off to a perfect meal!
Great spot, love the music and atmosphere.  Enjoyed chicken nachos that were a nice serving size.  It was cold so I also tried Chef Carl's Chicken Enchilada Soup.  It was great and also a great portion.  Love Phillys!
Read about this in "Phoenix" magazine under their "50 Best Bars" article.  Then checked it out on Yelp and it had good reviews.  Booked the reservation for last night on OpenTable and we had a blast.  The DJ was spinning old school hip hop - really loud - and it was a fun way to enjoy great sushi.  It isn't really a restaurant - it's more of a lounge / club vibe.  It would be a great place to start your evening on the town.
Sake Rok is a newer restaurant in Vegas that is close to Shake Shack. I personally thought the food was a bit over priced, but still decent. We had shrimp for appetizers and then had sushi rolls (Volcano Roll, Cucumber Maki (veggie), and the Colorful Roll (asked to make it veggie). They were accommodating of the fact that my wife is a vegetarian and, she really enjoyed the rolls she had.This is a trendy, hipster place to enjoy a meal. We went around 5pm, and it was starting to get crowded, and the one downside was that there was just 1 waiter to take everyones orders. But, they were still very quick and had great service.Overall, I think the food was really good, and if I am in Vegas again and crave Japanese food, I would definitely come back.
Came in Saturday night on St.Patty's day weekend. The place had an energetic vibe from the time we entered. The pub is split into two sections the dining room and bar side. Definitely sit on the bar side as that's where all the action is.We were lucky enough to snag the last available table in a cozy corner against a comfy leather banquet infront of a high table with the Leafs game playing on all the flat screen tvs.Our cheery waitress comes over to greet us and gives us time to go over the menus. She comes back to take our drink orders. Fionn is one of the few pubs that carry the only beer I drink so I felt the need to indulge.Fruli - Strawberry flavoured beer is served up cold in the bottle and is fruity & refreshing For Appetizer we decide to go with something a little differentBuffalo Chicken Meatball Skewers - Chicken meatballs tossed in our medium wing sauce, blue cheese drizzle. Served with celery sticks, medium wing sauce for dippingThree plump tender meatballs with a distinct chicken flavour not quite as juicy as a beef meatball but I loved the wing sauce. Just the right amount of heat and tang I couldn't help but dip every morsel in it. For main I decided to keep it IrishCorned Beef & CabbageLester's legendary corned beef, Montréal's favourite since 1931, cabbage, mustard,buttermilk mashed potatoesHuge portion, Tender corned beef, on a mountain chunky homemade buttermilk mashed potatoes. Great flavour, a true to stick to your ribs hearty meal!As soon as I saw the dessert menu I knew what I had to have!Red Velvet Donuts - Icing sugar, white chocolate sauce.This is a MUST have! These warm & plump sweet little donuts were simply heavenly! I'd take them over tiny tom donuts any day! *Don't forget to add some french vanilla ice cream for the ultimate hot & cold luscious finish to a fab mealOverall excellent service, wonderful food, Live band with great music after 10pm, and a fun atmosphere with a good crowd, Fionn definitely is a welcome gem in the Ajax area!
Went here for breakfast! Good chicken fingers! Good fries and very good canes sauce!
Visiting from out of state and decided to try a local ice cream shop and they put Coldstone to shame with all of their fresh fruit, products, and cream! Yummm!!!
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay. When I first saw the menu and the prices, I thought $16.99 for a sandwich was crazy expensive Las Vegas food and it was going to be overrated, but boy was I mistaken - my pulled pork sandwich was huge (about the size of my face) and it was absolutely phenomenal. It is now #2 best BBQ on my list (with #1 being Ocean City, MD's "Bull on the Beach").The service was great and our waiter was courteous and was even open to questions about the HOB venue itself. He also advertised to us that a local blues band was coming back later that evening and we could come back, no purchase necessary, to listen to some great local blues music. The band was decent ("Nothing But The Blues" but spoiler alert...they play some songs that aren't blues) and even though we didn't have to buy anything, we still bought some drinks to pay for our entertainment.Great restaurant/facility, highly recommend.
I really enjoy staying at the Palms resort hotel. It's my go to hotel when I go to Las vegas. The rooms have comfortable beds and are equipped with a kitchenette making it feel like home. Also the gym is great to keep your fitness program on target.
We arrived for our reservation at 7:15pm.  They seated us right on time.  The resturant was fairly loud at first but once the family dinner croed cleared out at 7:30pm it quieted down.  The food and service was outstanding, and at a very reasonable price.  I highly recommend Mimi's very a late dinner.
Really fresh flavorful friendly atmosphere. Staff very friendly and eager to take care of you really like having something like this on the west side of town
So I decided to take an easy walk along the Lakeshore in Port Credit and lo and behond...I found Seasons during the summer (is this a really bad pun??).This place is small, quaint and cozy, but in a good way.  It's not hustling and bustling (keep in mind, this was around 9:30-10:30 am in the morning on a Sunday) and provides a nice relaxed informal atmosphere...perfect for a Sunday morning. Ordered the eggs Benedict, which were excellent. After watching many episodes of Masterchef US and trying it myself, I am very picky on them (poached eggs need to ooze out the yolk without being under-cooked, English muffin has to be crispy, bacon needs to have the right texture and hollandaise sauce needs to be tasty). Seasons hit all of those notes, so it was perfect.  I also got a coffee and it tasted good too (not sure if it was the relaxed atmosphere - but it was much better than Timmy's).  The only downside is I'm such a cheapskate, so $15 for breakfast is a bit much to me, but it was eggs Benedict (that really could be for two people - at least for breakfast) and a coffee.  It's not expensive at all, but I'm just cheap.  I'll probably make this my once a month special treat breakfast.   Overall, great spot.
The rib eye beef noodle was good and bad.  The beef was awesome, thin and well cooked.  Meat balls were also great!  But the problem comes in the noodles.  They were too soggy and they fell apart into short piece so I had to eat it with a spoon!!!  Broth was great, even better than some from San Jose!!!  If they improve on the noodle then it's perfect!Customer service was great, waiters were very aware of what we need and when we need their attention, but I didn't appreciate the female manager having a training session while the restaurant was opened for business!  That seemed a bit unprofessional tho the rest of the staff were very polite.  The lady in charge was just loud and sounded obnoxious.  Kind of annoying while trying to enjoy a great bowl of beef noodles.  Pork belly bun is a must have, with steam buns!!!
One Spanish Word: Michelada.Not many Mexican places around town do the Michelada justice (or even know it really), which is pretty funny considering our neighbors to the south are all about it. And with good reason. A Michelada is Mexican beer and lime juice, with or without tomato juice or clamato, and a salted rim. It's delicious, and Otro's includes the awesome touch of red pepper infused salt on the rim for that extra kick. Normally I wouldn't lead a review with a drink, but that just tells you how excited I was about it.Now, the food. I like meaty Mexican food, so I've stuck to the tortas and burritos here, both of which are really tasty. I recommend the carne torta and the al Pastor burrito or torta. Portion sizes are OK, not insultingly small, and not too big either. A burrito is about a foot long and you can wrap one hand around it, and a torta is served on a standard size torta roll. I like to eat, but I have never been known to have a gigantic capacity, and I have always finished everything on my plate but not left hungry.As others have said, the guacamole is legit. Plenty of citrus flavor that makes it pop. I would also recommend the queso fundido if you like cheese and don't care about calories.
Great fries with yummy seasoning. The ranch dressing is amazing! Burger had a great, charbroiled flavor and was cooked perfectly and served on a soft sesame seed bun. The pickles, shredded lettuce, and chopped onions were fresh and crisp. I did request the Thousand Island dressing on the side, but  it came on the burger, which made my bun a bit soggy. Also, I ordered a diet coke and got regular coke. Delivery took about 40 minutes, and I was estimated 75-90 minutes, so that was a pleasant surprise. Food was a bit cold on delivery, but the GrubHub driver got lost. He picked up my food at 2:07 and didn't arrive until 2:35. The restaurant is only a 10 minute drive from my office, so had he not been lost for 20 minutes, the food likely wouldn't have been cold. Maybe a bit more attention-to-detail would have earned them 5 stars! :)
Finally got to go here again for my 2nd time after a long wait from the 1st time.  I enjoy this place, it is very different that almost anywhere else we go both in food and atmosphere.  The lunch special is very affordable and gives you a chance to try 3 different foods.
Delicious Cavatelli and white chocolate tiramisu. Great service as well! Definitely worth a visit!
Have been here several times, and I am never disappointed!  The best dinner we have found here is a carne Asada chimichanga enchilada style( with red over the top).  This is always a hit, and what we will continue to order.  My only complaint is I would love a branch opened in tucson!!  Love their food, worth the trip!
Great place! I save money on bulk items.... And other fun things like books, clothing, DVDs... Also they have great deals on tires and you save money on gas! Totally worth the membership. Also, it's open most of the day.
Great sushi date night spot! This one is bigger then the Gilbert location but the food at both hits the spot each time we're craving sushi. Fun decor and cute spot! Deff recommend.
I came to Magic Tailor for alterations on two cheap suits. That includes jacket sleeve shortening, pant hemming, and having the waist taken in on the pants from a 30 to about a 29/28. No judgement was cast for paying more than the suits worth for adjustments and it was done on time exactly as we agreed on, and on time to meet my deadline. As a general tip, before you goto a tailor, do some research and decide ahead of time on the extent of the adjustments you want and be sure to communicate that to the tailor instead of taking their suggestions as gospel. I ended up with a jacket sleeve that had no dress shirt showing, too long in my opinion. I'm not sure how that happened since they measured it right on me and I agreed to where they pinned it. I didn't complain because I had to catch a flight the following morning. In the end, I think it was my fault for not communicating that I wanted a half-inch of dress shirt showing, but I thought that was universally agreed on so i just assumed his suggestion was right. Anyway, that wouldn't stop me from going again.
Came upon this restaurant when I was at the Apple store. It was a Tuesday night and the place was not that crowded. I ordered the salmon and overall it was good. The gnocchi that came with it was yummy. The bartender was very nice and friendly. The guy who owns the restaurant his dad and buddy were also at the bar and they were a fun bunch at the bar. Would defiantly come back especially for drinks. Great bar place to hang out at.
The atmosphere can definitely use a face lift, but the duck is worth the wait! Not a fan of the cabbage wraps, but had a full and satisfying meal :)Staff was really friendly as I asked for more sauce about 3 times and they brought it out quickly !
So... As im sure you have all realized by this point... This is the DMV. With that being said, you should expect to wait. The good news is, waiting here is comfortable. I came two days in a row Friday at 4:15PM and Saturday at 8:30AM. My Friday Visit: I came to get information on registering my out of state vehicle and getting a NV license. I waited in like approx 15-20mins. I walked up to my attendant with a smile & she returned the courtesy. She gave me most of the info I needed & I was on my way. I was really impressed with how quickly I was in and out. My Saturday Visit: I needed a smog check (done directly across the street for $20, took less than 5mins) and an on site inspection (took 2mins) so i didn't actually get in line until about 8:30AM. The line was wrapped around the building. I was intimidated but it literally only took 30mins to get to the front. I approached the attendant with a smile and again she returned the courtesy. I told her what I was there for & confirmed that I had all the correct documents. The only difference in info was that she informed me that I would have to pay my former states late reg. fees, whereas the first attendant said I would not. That wasn't a big deal for me... So I gave her my cell number went to wait. What I really liked about this place is the fact that they have a 7/11 style snack bar! And they text you updates on where you are in line so you can leave and come back if you'd like. Another thing Im noticing, theres ample seating and no kids running around (either visit) and this AM the bathrooms were clean. The total process has taken about 1.5hours until this point and I should be out of here in 10-15more minutes. Very doable, especially for the DMV.
I love steak and I ordered the Rib Eye Steak Bone In. It was made Good; I think I could have done better myself; I ordered medium rare as I have been my whole life but this steak was like 2 minutes on each side I think on a super hot grill. So the outside was kind of deceiving; looked really good but there was still blood dripping; I understand Medium Rare but Rare is not the business. I mean I probably would try it again but not during a busy weekend.  Not 5 Star at all.
A great place for lunch between classes.  Service is prompt and the food is delicious.  Everyone around our table loved what they ordered and alot of food envy happened.  Friend swears by the charred salmon sandwich, which looked great and everyone seemed to like.  I had the seafood pasta which was amazing, perfectly creamy and delicious.  Great portions and reasonable price.  Would definitely go back again and recommend to friends.
Ordered the jerked pork with rice and peas. The pork was tender and juicy. $6.50 combo can't go wrong.
For some reason, some kind of force in the world has kept me from wanting or even considering going here since it opened. It might have been the location - it's on the wrong side of Shadyside to be a good restaurant, right? Wrong. So wrong.I went here for a staff lunch and left full of amazing food. We split some great French pressed coffee while pondering the menu, until we were informed that was from last night's dinner - if there was something that we wanted on the menu, we could ask and they'd check with the kitchen. We asked if they could whip up some delicious truffle fries for us, they checked, and they did.Pittsburgh is getting really good about gourmet, seasoned fries and these were no exception. They arrived along-side delicious tempura-battered vegetables (om nom nom sweet potatoes), and a pear and Gorgonzola flatbread (also om nom nom).Being the sucker that I am for beet salads, ever since I went to Salt of the Earth I've been devouring them, I got the pistachio chicken, beet, and goat cheese salad. The chicken was pretty okay, it didn't knock my socks off, but chicken on salad isn't normally... a sock-knocker. However, I hear that three of my colleagues kobe-beef burgers were very tasty. Apparently they have a great cheese selection.I'll absolutely come back for dinner, but prepared to spend a lot more than I did at lunch. Big price changes between menus - probably with good reason.
All the meals are good . They take much more care than the local McDonalds or Tim's to keep the washrooms and tables clean.      We use the coupons which arrived in the local mail.     The staff generally keeps the music down , as we feel it is not worth being in a local fat food / coffee shop  if the music  is causing deafness forcing people to yell or give up on any attempts at conversation.
When I first went raw I was worried it meant that I would never eat out again so you can imagine my excitement when I found out about 24 Carrots. I went for Raw Wednesday (although I believe they have a raw option everyday) and had the "Cheese Burger." It was so delicious that I ended up ordering the other raw option on the menu to take home for dinner. The atmosphere was casual and welcoming and the staff was willing and able to answer all of my questions.  This is one you should add to your list whether you are raw or not!
It was large portions and great food. I got sashimi, which was delicious, but the salmon was not very good. It was fresh, but not the best quality... Didn't taste much like salmon. I am from DC where you pay higher prices for less food, so this is a great place in my opinion. Our waitress was very nice and gave me a free bowl of miso soup. Definitely try it!
This place actually rules. When I moved to Pittsburgh in August, locals were very eager to throw their suggestions at me as far as what I needed to experience. Burgatory was a recurring theme that I was quick to investigate. Yes, you're going to wait half a day to get in, but set aside some time and check it out. The atmosphere is great for going out with friends or family and getting chatty. The waitstaff is incredibly competent, and always willing to offer input and suggestions. The drinks are pricey, so I usually pass.Now to the good stuff. The food is awesome. Every appetizer I've had the pleasure of trying has been flavorful and well put together, the fries are consistently excellent, and the milkshakes are the bomb.com. But, of course, it is the succulent little beauties composed of beef and heaven that keep me going back. Each Burgatory burger is made with love, and topped with the finest ingredients known to man. I love them. So much. My suggestion is a Waygu beef patty on Brioche with egg, Cheddar cheese and mushrooms.
Update on an earlier post (which was 2 stars).  Received a very nice response to my post, and Acri is working on some issues for my development.  Thanks for your response, and I hope to update this in the future to a five star review (once everything is resolved).
This place is great. I got a groupon and that is the only way i knew about it. The house is very cute decorated and the people in here are very friendly. They keep a chocolate bowl at the table which its not so good (lol) April is great at waxing! she has a great personality and wants to make you feel comfortable in each step of the process. I highly recommend this place :)
This restaurant is great if you want a quick lunch. The food is great, filling and nutritious.At this restaurant you order at the front, wait for your number to be called and then pick up your entree. If you work in the area I highly recommend it. The portions are also huge. You might have enough left over for dinner or the following days lunch. You should definitely check burnout if you are looking for a balanced and healthy meal.
First experience here and I will be back. Strangely enough, the group that I was with was not a fan of prime rib. However, we all had a great meal! Two with steak and one with sea bass. The atmosphere and experience was excellent!!
Video games and attractive bartenders, it's almost the equation for a perfect wet dream. They don't just have the run of the mill games either. The fact that MarioKart is up in there is worth 4 stars alone. Oh and if you get a shot of Patron here, which you better because this is Vegas, expect a gigantic shot because these ladies aren't selfish with their liquor. The only down side is that there are a couple kids in there and my adult ass would like to be in the company of other adults even though I'm socially awkward and won't talk to them anyway. Definitely a good spot to go to with the girlfriend or boyfriend (No judgements) just don't be in there drunk playing video games solo...it's slightly depressing lol! But hey...at least you're out of the house.
Excellent sandwiches and friendly service in a historic place! Wife had the curry chicken sandwich and and I had the ham and brie sandwich, both of which were very good, well crafted. The mocha drinks we had were ok, served too hot which tends to kill the flavor (or just burn your tongue).Overall I found the bungalow to be a cool, quaint, little gem which is unique for AZ. A great place to relax and have a conversation, play a game, or read a book.*Worth noting: the gentleman working the day I was in with my wife and children was very friendly and took the time to make fresh curry chicken for my wife's sandwich as well as a off-the-menu sandwich for my 6yr old (not that it's complicated, but worth noting).
The most phenomenal queso chorizo dip in the universe! The muchca tacos were phenomenal as well. Unfortunately the margaritas on tap were quite literally the worst I have ever tasted. Perhaps if I had stuck to cervesa it would've been one of the finest Mexican meals of my life.
I think I may have finally found my spot for sushi in this neighborhood. I got the sushi lunch special (6 nigiri plus a spicy tuna roll) for $12.95. All of the cuts of fish looked were aesthetically pleasing (nothing mangled), and were of a good size. Tuna roll was a tuna roll....pretty hard to screw that up, I enjoyed it. I'll be back, glad I tried it out today.
Very good lamb chops, wine selection and excellent service. Will go there again even if it's a bit expensive. Only the best restaurant within Caesar Palace.
I thought I was going to give my first 5 star review but awful service ruined the day. Food was very nice! We both had fish dishes that were perfectly prepared. The chef even came out to make sure he understood my food allergies!The service was the worst I have had in a long time. So much so that yes, I will name her. Lauren took more than 10 minutes to approach our table and only after another server prompted her. She brought my mother's beverage, but not mine. I had to ask again. My mother had to ask 3x for sugar for tea and eventually got up and got it herself. Lauren saw her and turned the other way. We waited a long time for our appetizer, eggplant pie, it was barely warm. My mother did not want to complain and ate some of it. We waited even longer for our first course from the pick 2 lunch specials. We were there close to an hour before we got our salads. Lauren was not rude, but not attentive for drink refills and requests and not timely. I don't fault a sever when the kitchen is slow but this was not about that. I would want to return but this poor service has me thinking twice.
The cupcakes are awesome.  My personal favorite is the Colaffle.  I highly recommend trying out Colossal if you are in the downtown area.
Love coming to Pink Taco every time I come to Vegas.The chips and salsa could constitute a meal on their own. It comes with three different salsa options and the tortilla chips are made fresh. For an app, the sweet corn tamales are amazing, I absolutely love the chicken tostada salad and get it every time. Also greatly recommend the drinks, the pina colada is my favorite.Service has always been great, all the staff is very friendly. Ambiance is nice with fun decor. Definitely a little loud though but it's a great place for happy hour and catching a football game.The only downside is there is always a line out the door, and I don't think you can make reservations. So get there early!
They get an automatic bump to 4 stars for brazenly being the only malaysian joint in town. Despite being all over the map (sushi, chinese, malaysian, thai, japanese) Cuisine Malaya does really well (as in, authentic) with some stuff, pretty well with the rest. Decent prices + me being able to sit down and have decently executed cuisine from 4 different asiatic countries for dinner = awesome.The lunch menu is limited but still very veg friendly. Dinner is where its at. I love malaysian curry (well, curry of any kind, really) and the Curry Vegetable Chef's special hits the spot. Okra and eggplant, tomato, tofu, green beans, yes yes. Oily, smokey curry and delicious coconut milk, yumm. Unless you're ravenous, the 11$ will be well spent, as you'll have lunch for the next day. And we all know curries improve overnight ;) They have both Thom Kha and Hot n Sour veg options, both soups I adore. Tofu can be added/subbed to almost anything here.All the sushi I've had has been perfectly prepared, with good ingredients. The rolls aren't 80% rice, 20% stuff. They're also flexible about ingredients, something a lot of places are not (have them make you a vegetable tempura roll - delicious).I wish they had coconut rice, and gado gado. I don't get the "shrimp sauce" served with the hibachi items (a mixture of what tasted like mayo and ketchup, yikes). For my malaysian curry fix, however... I'm stoked they're here.
Walmart has lots of parking space, staff are very friendly, this store is nice and clean, well lit. they are stocked and have good prices. I would come here again to do my shopping whenever I am in town.
Cupcakes are huge and look yummy!  Unique flavors. I got the Reese cookie and it was the best peanut butter cookie I've ever had. Soft and yummy
Great service, good drinks, good food! Chicken tequila was excellent, the tacos were great and that atmosphere was fun!
Delicious food, great wine list, good service. Try the stuffed chicken, you won't be disappointed!
Valet in front of hotelGreat texmex food and very tasty Staff is very nice but was super busy when I visited so service was average Food tastes goodBooze over priced a bit but it's VegasTortillas cost $2 for 4 Salsa is ok
I didn't expect much from this place but my brother had been and loved it. Service wasn't great but i wasn't there for that i suppose, food was surprisingly good so if I was staying at the Rio I eat here again.
Surprisingly pretty great food. I ate here for breakfast twice with a group of 6-8. The service was very good both days and they were especially accommodating with our group - even bringing 6 separate checks one day, which was so appreciated. I had a goat cheese, sundried tomato omelet one day which was fresh and flavorful. The next day I had french toast with a side of fresh berries, which were equally as good, though didn't come with real maple syrup. The menu is your standard diner food without the greasiness and grunge of your standard diner. I would recommend.
Been coming to this Resort since it was the La Posada in the 80s. They have completely  rebuilt and revamped the entire property. Definitely one of the beautiful resorts in the Scottsdale Paradise Valley area. Excellent place to come to relax at the pool brunch at the restaurant as well as drinks at the M Bar. During the summer if you are an Arizona resident they give you a discount on the rooms. If you've never been to this property I would suggest going and checking it out.
Ultimately, I'd eat here again. Minus one star due to the slightly confusing setup for ordering/service. It was our first time visiting. The deal is that you are greeted by a host/ess, sent to order at the counter where you don't pay, then sent to an assigned table to wait for your food and be waited upon by a server. You pay your tab at the table.  I feel like we were unintentionally rushed through the whole process of ordering and dining even though it wasn't busy. The Magic Shroom Burger was divine. I'm actually not a huge fan of mushrooms, but I was sold on the goat cheese and pesto. I think the tomato on the burger was even salted, which is an amazing touch if that small thing were actually thought about when crafting a burger.The Green Chili Queso fries were top notch, although the fries could have been salted a little more heavily. The Nutella Chocolate Pretzel shake was ho hum. I didn't taste any Nutella. Hmpf!I'll make a return trip. Yep!
I used to come here once a week but one time gyro meat was undercooked and nasty.  I haven't been back since.  But, the kefir cheese with the pita is amazing.
I've been here a couple of times and the Thai dishes are always consistent! I highly recommend the curries (Panang being my fav) and can't go wrong with the Pad Thai.Recently, I've this has been added to the menu but unclear of what the original prices are. So be careful when ordering as it doesn't specifically indicate how much each item will be, just an average increase of 15%, which if you check the bill is a little more than that.
What a great place for some spicy food....I forget the names but you cannot go wrong with Ethiopian. This time around the food wasn' t that strong. I highly reccomend the lentil....wow that was good. The chicken and beef stew was good as well. The entire entrée  was so good....me and the lady finished it off....nough said.G approved!
The sushi here was great!  Service could have been better but the food definitely made up for it.
Very nice, clean, relatively new hotel.  The rooms are pleasant and quiet.  The beds are good. The breakfast bar is adequate.  But all in all, it is a good place to stay.
UPDATE!  Full menu now available!  Yay!  Way to go HH!  Went here about a week ago and we were sat in a booth in the bar area right away.  Still good food and good service!
Wow, are they ever ready for X-mas! The front door area inside is super jammed with stuff but it is not as overwhelming once deeper inside the store.I could not believe how low the prices were here! I had not been to a Jysk in years.My friend and I found everything we went in looking for and more. The staff were super friendly and helpful. No line upon check-out but midweek, midday is key I think to a successful shopping trip, if you can swing it.Some great sales are happening here too. Buy 2 votive candles, get 1 free was one I took advantage of. The scents were quite nice. 99 cents each! Bonkers! My friend found the duvet cover she was looking for, for $12 - it was $24 at Ikea.I also got the BEST bathrobe ever, softest in the land for $10! I rushed home to wash all the ones I am now donating and getting rid of!Given how low the price tags are here, I am not necessarily convinced quality is A1 depending on your purchase but I have never had any issue with anything I have bought at a Jysk before. Worth the gamble IMO.Now, if only I could say their name properly!
I have only come here at night so I only know how the nightlife is, no idea what the food is like. The back patio is really nice on summer nights, it does get packed so if you want to get a table I suggest coming early. They have the usual drinks and there are a few bars in the restaurant. One side and 2 outside so it is pretty easy to get drinks. They play great music and they have TVs outside so you can catch any game you want. The service has been great both times I went. I would definitely suggest this place to come when you want a simi-chill night with friends!
From the lady in the booth 4/28/15 1pm to the shuttle driver, all are very nice and friendly. Although there is a wait, but that is what you expect from taking shuttle service.
I appreciate that you can make a reservation on Opentable, since it's a busy spot for game-day. We had food from the Oktoberfest menu and both of our dishes were great. The service is slow, but attentive. Overall, a great reliable spot for pregaming. A little pricey, but it's to be expected that close to the stadiums.
Decent food & speedy service. I'd say this is the best place to go in the Avondale/Goodyear area if you want Vietnamese food. I think their rice dishes are better than any of their soup dishes. Bo Luc Lac is pretty good and pork shop and rice is good!
I got my order to go. My veggie pie was ready when I arrived. The price was very reasonable. The place was clean, had a fresh and trendy appearance, and outside seating if desired.I came here because they have a vegan pizza that is made with hummus instead of fake cheese! I thought this was so awesome, but you can see from the picture that the hummus is just mainly piled on top in the middle instead of spread uniformly over the pizza as a base. So basically you eat the pizza with veggies on it, and then take a spoon to the center to get the hummus. All of the ingredients tasted good despite the awkward assembly. Service was bland... Not rude...But never smiled. Regardless, I give this place a thumbs up because it offers real vegan pizza!
Groupon brought us in, good food brings us back. Order one of their signature burgers, or build your own. We've done both. The signature Blu Burger came exactly as described, and cooked to perfection (medium). The onion bun was fresh and the side of onion rings were great. To build your own, select your burger (beef, turkey, bison, chicken, veggie, salmon, Portobello....), select the bun (you can even get a lettuce wrap), cheese, toppings, sauces and any specialty ingredients (egg, guacamole, ham....). I highly recommend the Kobe beef; it was so flavorful and that will probably be a go-to selection in the future. Must say I'm not overly impressed with the sweet potato fries, though. Hard to find good sweet potato fries it seems. They do offer salads and sandwiches, but if they have "burger" in their name, you should at least try a burger. And with all of the options, why wouldn't you?Family owned and operated - gotta love that! Fellow Yelpers, let's do our part to support family owned businesses! All in all, good food, nice staff. I recommend.
Extremely friendly service and delicious guac! Great for groups or just hanging with close friends. The close proximity to other bars/clubs makes it a great central location
Let's have some MO... Momo Sushi. An appropriate name for this place, Momo (more more) Sushi. What an awesome sushi place for lunch or dinner on this side of Henderson. The location is kind of odd as you don't really see it from Stephanie. The whole strip mall is not even facing the main road, it's awkwardly sideways. Just pull into the driveway past Marie Calendars and it will be on your left side.So yes, the food here is awesome especially the Agadashi tofu. I've had this dish numerous times and I really do appreciate the presentation at Momo. The tofu is cut up in nice bite size pieces and sitting inside a bowl of broth. At other places the tofu is cut larger. When it's served larger so many awkward things can happen. 1) you cut it with your chopsticks and the crispy glaze breaks off. 2) you bite into it and you look like a Neanderthal with food dropping out of your mouth. 3) other embarrassing moments that should be left alone. The pieces at Momo were perfect!!The rolls were so good. If you like tuna try the ultimate tuna roll. Spicy tuna with tuna on top, sitting in a spicy garlic type sauce/ oil. So good and the sauce keeps it moist! So yes, whenever I get my nails done at Euphora I'm high tailing to Momo for lunch... For MOre sushi and Agadashi tofu.Oh don't forget to check in on Yelp! We received free green tea ice cream! YAY!
I love this place! The Pecan French Toast is hands down the best thing on the menu. The patio is my favorite place to sit since inside feels a bit crowded and loud. I would definitely recommend checking the wait time before going since certain days and times can be extremely busy. Servers  have always been happy helpful and kind!
I have 1 complain.I think  we had an appt to see a vet at a time and till had to wait over 1/2hr after out appt was.Don't think we should of had to wait this long to see a vet after getting into a room had to wait another 5 mins for someone to come in.Mind me we like bringing our cats here but the wait time suxs.even if you have an appt.I think appts should come before walk ins.
Stopped in with my hubby at lunch time to check this place out. He had steak quesadilla and it was large and delicious. I had a 2 taco plate, 1 calamari & 1 crispy fish (you can mix & match!). Everything was brought out fresh and hot, quickly and with a smile. Our server paid us just the right amount of attention to make it a great experience. We will definitely be back to support this local gem :-)
Food and service great-4 outside tablesCASH ONLY It's a small place, not what I consider a steak house though.
Nice chips and both red and green sauces to start.  Had the slightly sweet chicken mole enchilada, tried the paella that seemed to have more veggies than rice, nice flavor from the chorizo.  The star of the night was the pork belly burrito, having that crispy porky flavor was great.  Nice house margarita.
This place is 1/4 mile from my house and I have passed it many times. I looked them up on Yelp and their reviews were not the best. I finally needed to Smog 3 Car's so I can register them here so I tried Jiffy Smog today. There were 2 people in front of me so there was about a 10 minutes wait. When it was my turn I drove up and Mark was friendly and personable. He noted that my car had been tested in California very recently but unfortunately would have to be re-tested in Nevada. He asked me if I knew about the VIN Check required (I did). I asked him if he had change for a tip and he said yes. So, in summary I highly recommend this place and would say they are friendly and efficient!
Always love going to Abuelo's. Food is reasonably priced. Great open atmosphere. The food is always good and consistent. I have never had a bad meal there. Service is always attentive. Nothing bad to say. It may not be amazing (it is very good), but you will never leave disappointed.
Great Hawaiian food for Las Vegas. Prices are a bit high for plate lunch but the portions are hefty. I definitely recommend this place!
Monroe's is a cool little basement bar in downtown Phoenix. Just by existing, it creates a sense that Downtown Phoenix isn't just a pathetic excuse for a city that was simply plopped on top of the desert. It gives the area character. It's one of those places that help make downtown feel more like a much cooler city that has an abundance of stuff like this. You blink and you might miss it, but once you find the door and descend the stairway you'll find yourself inside a dark and cozy spot lined with old woods and bookended by a wrap-around bar and a stage where they sometimes have musicians play. The atmosphere is pretty inviting, but it helps if you bring a buddy so you don't feel like an outcast. There are tables and chairs to sit at and the place is capable of accomidating groups. They serve food as well of course and the food is good. I've had pizza there and I thought it was quite tasty. Nothing to write home about, but I'll yelp about it. It's the sort of place that sets the scene for "anything can happen" night... sorta like Chez Nous did, but in a different way. Definitely worth the trip.edit: I went here last year, and I've learned it may be closed now (although a search on the web turns up nothing about closure)... definitely needs confirmation.
"This is a great place for ice cream and a general fantastic place for lunch.  They have some pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are in the mood for lunch.  But the sandwiches are kind of small.  The place also has a bunch of the "Family Circus" cartoons on the wall and write in the Sugar Bowl into the cartoons.  It's interesting.  They have sundaes, cones, banana splits, and their own original concoctions.  It's a great place for some dessert or for a whole meal.  There was a lot of pink though and I just wasn't feeling that."
Great bike trail for the kids and a nice playground in the middle of the park. Sad that it has such a beautiful beach, but you can't get in the water.
We used to live really close to this place and ordered take out from them regularly, but forgot about them when we moved. We decided to stop by and check it out again recently and were reminded of why we used to come often. Mostly, we came because it was close and convenient. The food was good, but not blow your socks off great. The service was also a bit slow, but they were trying hard. It was a full house and it's possible they were short handed that evening. Don't get me wrong, I would recommend trying them out. It's one of the better Mexican places in the area. But living where we live makes us all a somewhat harsh critic of Sonoran Mexican food, so keep that in mind.
Good coffee for AZ, but a bit expensive compared to Seattle. I enjoyed the Big Ass burrito with bacon quite a bit.
I came here with my wife and coworkers. The ambiance and show were good.   I got the noodles, steak, chicken and salmon.  Everything was good, no complaints.  However,  I think Benihana is better.
Dollar taco Tuesdays! Can't beat it. Love their selection of different salsas. Friendly staff & clean environment. Definitely would recommend. Everything i have tried so far has been good. Brand new location.
Popped in on a Saturday night before a Leafs game and considered just watching it there. The BBQ is all ordered by conveniently by weight, and you can order your fixins as sides. We opted for the brisket, pulled pork, back ribs, mac n cheese and beans. Everything was fantastic, although I wasn't a huge fan of the apple cider vinegared pulled pork, but I think that might be a regional style. The mac n cheese should definitely not be missed, and the beer list really rounds out the menu. Can't wait to check out the patio this summer.
Been here a few times over the past month and i have to say: THIS PLACE IS DA BOMB! I'm not personally vegan, and this place still holds a sweet spot in my heart. My only problem, sometimes it can smell a bit like a gym inside, but there's chairs outside so problem solved. Check this place out if you're looking for some good dessert.
Portions are large and the staff is friendly.  Be prepared to wait to be seated though during evening.  It can get pretty busy.
Camden has exceeded our expectations. I had wrote a negative review out of frustration but since then I have been proven wrong about this place. Although its located RIGHT outside of the city (which means lots of places within walking distance) it has this small neighborhood feel. Its tucked into its own little street corner. The outside areas are always kept in great condition and they are constantly updating and adding to the buildings.There are a ton of awesome and highly rated restaurants within walking distance, too (we recommend Futo Buta).The staff here are really sweet and inviting. They seem to really care about the residents. The maintenance staff are on point, too. We have never had to wait more than a day to get something fixed and its an emergency they stay late or come back after their shift has ended to help out. I've enjoyed living here and I would recommend Camden South End to friends and family.
I come to Dolce pretty much every time I'm eating on the Danforth. There's lots of seating and it's usually clean. Plenty of flavors to choose from. My new favourite is their blueberry - so fresh! I always see the same guy working there. Gelato is pretty pricey these days and this place goes for average price. You can buy take home containers starting at $12 but you can't eat it there.
Never though I'd come here. But I'm glad I did. Great breakfast selection, loved my strawberry waffles. It was delicious!!!Our server was good. Super patient with my 2 year old. :)
Best pick-me-up EVER.Vegas usually means being nocturnal and forgetting to eat. Aka during EDC weekend, I somehow didn't eat a meal for 26 hours. Yes, horrible planning on my part...  so I was ecstatic to eat some filling ramen!!Definitely a fun place to visit and under $10! When we walked in, we were greeted by girls dressed in cute outfits and wearing wigs. It was fun to pinpoint the anime posters adorning the walls, too.After flipping through the manga-styled menu, all of us ended up getting the Shoyru ramen. Yum yum. Perfect way to recover. Really, no complaints. Our server was helpful and the food tasted good. Not too salty.
Pizza is pretty good here. Came in for a pizza at lunchtime place was pretty dead so didn't wait to long. The beer was ice cold. Will come back for sure. If you haven't been here it's worth the trip.
In a strip mall facing the street is the sister to the restaurant that is on the west side in Avondale.  Simple interior great food.  We tried the trinity ,  jambalaya, crawfish pie as in handheld, and the gumbo.  The jambalaya was nicely spiced, the crawfish pie had a sturdy crust and wa ok, the gumbo was great.
This place allows you to sample before you purchase, so that was very nice as I was trying to decide between peanut butter or coconut. Both were delicious, but I was craving peanut butter. The toppings were standard for most froyo places, but I was a little disappointed that they didn't have chocolate covered pretzels or yogurt pieces. I saw a lychee flavor which I thought was really cool. Perhaps I shall get that next time. The other flavors I could remember were blueberry (no sugar added), red velvet,  and vanilla. There were at least a few more.The seating and decor is cute.
Had the Drunken noodles for lunch. Food was great service was quick and price was excellent.
The place has good food, friendly stuff and fairly nice, casual atmosphere. Drinks are overpriced (as is common along Vegas Strip), but the food we got was plentiful and tasty. The servers were friendly and helpful. The wait time was so-so, but it was a busy Friday evening so that's acceptable in my book. I will come back for lunch or dinner on a future visit to Vegas (esp. if I get a groupon or similar deal :-) ).
I discovered Green Jade not long ago. I ordered my favorite Chinese dish, House Special Angel Hair, and it was good and not greasy. The portion was also big. The place looks clean and the cashier is friendly. I think it's a good place for take-out!!!
Place is quaint and on the brink of falling apart, deluded myself that it was beside a natural body of water. Food was delicious!Service was great. Loved their steak tartare.
I am so glad that I found Platinum Entourage.  To update you on my hairstyle and cut, I had from the end of June. The scent of the jasmine essential oil Heather put in my hair lasted for more than week.  Whenever I style my hair for one day and let run for a day or two until I wash again, it's perfect.  A great atmosphere , pretty hair salon, and really  professional service.
First, let me say that I am a grazer.  I have big eyes, and I like the idea of being able to take little bites of a lot of different things.  So I am a fan of buffets, and I am a fan of tapas.  So I expected to be pleased with Johnny Smalls All-You-Can-Eat deal.That being said, I enjoyed this place more than I expected.  The quality of food is high, and the variety is great.  If you want to indulge in simple pleasures, they've got chili cheese dogs, tater tots, and grilled PB&J.  If you want healthier cuisine, they have hummus, sashimi, and sea bass skewers.  Something for everyone!When you order the AYCE, they let you choose 2 plates at a time.  I was with my husband, so we got 4 plates at a time.  And don't judge... by the time dinner was over, we had sampled 10 different items.  If we had bought them all individually, our bill would have been well over $100.  But we paid $20 each... what a deal!My favorites:  Lettuce Cups - there was some kind of pomegranate molasses on it. Delicious.  Poona Tuna - it was described as "cherry limeade" flavor.  That sounded gross to me, but it was fantastic.Chicken &  Waffles - even if you're not a fan of the chicken, the maple-flavored waffle fries are worth it.Shorty - really tender short ribs.  Can't wait to go back and try some of the other items!
He was Amazing, the tricks were good enjoyed most of the time in the show, the tickets was really reasonable. Conclusion i Loved the Show.
If you covet Onitsuka Tigers the way I covet Onitsuka Tigers, you'll fall in love with Groovy.They have the best OT selection in the city - like, an entire floor-to-ceiling wall covered with Tigers in every colour imaginable. I bought my beloved Mexico 66s as well as another hot pink pair with lime green detailing. If you walk past the massive Asics and Adidas displays you'll see tons of Doc Martens, Rocket Dog, PF Flyers and Converse shoes in the back, along with other Onitsuka Tigers/Asics models that are either older models or available in limited sizes. As far as I remember they don't sell Nikes here (exception is Converse). The staff is a bit overwhelmed most times so service can be slow. Group your shoe size requests to minimize trips and expedite the process.And don't forget - no refunds under any circumstances, and they are REAL sticklers about it. I bought a pair of shoes here once and ended up finding them cheaper three days later, so I wanted to return the unworn/still tagged first Groovy pair, but no. I ended up selling them a year later on Craigslist for double the price, so I guess I won in the end.
The soup's on! The lentil soup at this place is killer. It has this tang to it that I love. I once tried to cajole the server into telling me what they put in it, and he said he would ask the chef, but he flaked on me. Anyway, I eventually de-constructed it. All the food I've tried here is high quality. Tandoori was nice as well as the curry dishes. Staff is generally quite cordial and friendly and its never hard to get a table.
The store is well organized and clean looking. The staff is always friendly. Some things aren't a better price when buying in bulk like this but if you stock up on the things that do go on sale then it's a really good deal.
Thank you Green Valley for making this stay such a great experience. You have definitely made up for our last stay. Kudos to you.
This hotel is a little off from main shopping streets but close enough to metro station and bus stops. The rooms we stayed was very nice, large corner suite. It may need some improvement but for the price which we paid, we were happy.
This place is great! I bought a bag of these little walnut cakes filled with custard and they are delicious. At $5 a bag, they're a great, inexpensive dessert or snack. I've also tried their regular custard buns and they were really good, similar to Hong Kong style buns but the bread wasn't as sweet. This is a cute little shop, seems to be family owned, I see the same couple running the place whenever I stop in. They're very courteous and proud of their shop, it's a pleasure supporting businesses like this.The shop isn't much to look at but it's clean and welcoming. Not much place to sit, it's definitely a takeout place. Prices are good for what you get, which is delicious homemade baked goods. The only issue I have is their hours, no signage on the door or hours posted anywhere. I've tried to stop by a few times when they were closed, I have no idea what their hours are like so maybe calling ahead is the right thing to do. I've read that they only make limited batches of the custard walnut cakes. I was lucky enough for some to have been already made when I walked in on a Friday early afternoon, if that's helpful to anyone!
This is one of the best vietnamese restaurant I've been to in the Charlotte area. The food tastes fresh and not like they just heated something up really quick. The service could be a little better but its a new business so give it time! Everyone should go, its amazing
The cornbread has really went down hill!!! The need to bring back the wedges of cornbread. Meat is average and the wings are good. Burnt ends are fatty.
Food good. Setup odd. People nice. Money gone.Walk in, find table. (You will not be seated, no one will come to get you. If you wait, you will look new, not just to the restaurant, but to earth)Claim table with jacket, backpack or park your fave, but rotund Uncle who prefers to sit.Walk over to wall with menu items, there are no food menus. Pick food items. NOTE: Each meat is too much for 1 person. Order 2 or 3 meats & 1 or 2 sides. for 3 adults. Approach Cash register, say items. You will know you have succeeded if they give you a tall metal thing with a number on it. Take back to Rotund Uncle. He will pick it up, and look at all sides of it. Notes: - the sausage is truly delicious. Delicious like a cupcake, only this cupcake is very much like  sausage with a casing and hipster coddled pork or beef. - The potato side was good. Very homemade taste. Homemade if you have a McDonalds style deep fryer in your home.- The brisket. More tender than my inner thighs after a brisk August stroll. FOODIES: It has a decent smoke ring. With all of lives challenges and temptations, all I am thinking about is that sausage. This is not code for anything.
Came here to try oysters for the first time. The waitress was really friendly and helped us pick the right sauces and wine to pair with the oysters. Ordered the fried octopus which we loved. The risotto was terrible. The seafood paella is really yummy, will definitely be back to try this again.
I had a stay-cation at the El Cortez over the weekend with my husband. It was awesome! These are things, as a local, will keep me coming back to visit:- Clean and didn't smell smokey: The casino has been around since the 1940's and it's last restoration was about a decade ago but it wasn't the dingy, smoke-filled mess I imagined it would be.- Vintage, Classic Vegas vibe: From the yellow-tinted windows to the live piano player tickling the ivories at the main entrance behind the cool-looking vintage car, I felt like I was in a mobster movie.- Conveniently located on Freemont East: Awesome bars/restaurants are within walking distance. We were able to visit The Gryffin, Commonwealth, Evel Pie, and Eureeka over the weekend without moving the car from the parking garage (which, by the way is free when you show your room key)!- Great eats inside: It's a small place so eating options are limited but Siegel's 1941 is open 24 hours (ask for the $10.95 prime rib - it's not on the menu but it's a $10.95 prime rib!) and Naked City Pizza never disappoints.
Went yesterady with my husband and we both had the $20.00 footmassage. They did a great job on the feet and whole body. The only thing i did not like was that our room was right next to the room were they fill the water and they were busy so the water was constantly  running. Not very quiet.
This was our second time visiting Pisces and I have to say it was so much better this time! I'm not sure if my last visit was just a bad night for them or if what I ordered this time around was just a better choice,but it was pretty awesome.Our server Alex was knowledgable and very attentive. I will say that they move really fast (which can be great if you have to be in and out quickly)but for people who, like myself, prefer to wait between appetizer and entree and really have a chance to talk with my guest and mull over the menu, it's kind of rushed. The menu is very detailed, so extra time is needed to see it all.What we chose- The lil bastard roll, a shrimp tempura and avocado roll topped with a crab salad and crunchy bits of onion. It's a very generously sized roll and had great flavor. We also got the crispy spicy tuna which may be one of my new favorite sushi rolls. Spicy tuna flash fried in tempura batter- mine was perfect and not cooked all the way through, so the tuna had great flavor and texture. Our very favorite was our appetizer- cucumber salad. It had raw tuna, avocado and of course cucumber in a light Asian dressing. Could have eaten it all night! Everything was very fresh and delicious! Overall we really enjoyed our quick trip to Pisces!
Location: it is located right next to the farm with home grown lemons, oranges and many diff types of veggies etc. The restaurant doesn't have a lot of seating in the inside. However, there are quite a few tables on the outside. Parking is a bit tight but still have plenty of parking. Be prepared to park on the dirt. Food: This is my first time coming here to try their coffee and breakfast. I ordered a Latte and waffle with berries. Coffee is so smooth and the waffle is by far the best waffles I've ever had. Rating: I will definitely come back here for their breakfast and coffee again.
The staff here are always really nice, polite and like to make chit chat with the guests.  Really nice people and good food :)
The original name used to be Muntean's. The new owners kept the original buffalo wings recipe. I think they're the best around. The blue cheese dip is  also from the original owner, and is soooo addictive! It's made from scratch. Their prices can be a little high tho. Best bet is to get their wings on Wednesday, when they're on special. Yummy!!!
I don't allow myself a pasta indulgence often, but when I do, I want Vapiano. I always get the same thing: Carbonara with onions, garlic, chili peppers and oven roasted tomatoes. So good! Pasta is fresh and cooked al dente. The chefs are happy to accommodate special requests. At $10 for lunch and for no service, it's not the cheapest lunch in uptown, but worth every penny.
Our go to Pho place, we order for pick up and call ahead and they are very quick. Have moved out of the area but can't find another Pho that compares.
Good basic Chinese food. Lunch special is good including tea for under $5. Doesn't include eggroll though.
Bakery and gelato are really good, coffee is above average. Would have given 5 stars but the service is a little slow, as in you have to repeat yourself a lot. Best tiramisu in vegas.
I came here with no expectations, other than vaguely remembering reading about it on here. I was on vacation with my boyfriend and we were nothing but tourists wandering looking for somewhere that sounded decent. We looked at the menu and all I could think was "it seems like things I already like with a unique twist"So we came in, got seated outdoors on a nice day, even though the sun was in our eyes for a bit as it was sunset. I got the herb bannock tray and the turkey burger. The bannock and bread plate was phenomenal. It came with some sort of spread on the side that was also really good. I forget what the waitress said, but it was good nonetheless. The turkey burger was also very delicious. My only problem with my food was that I lost a few slices of tomato and some of the dill (I think) mayo fell out, in other words, no problems here.My biggest issue with the whole place (hence 4 instead of 5 of a rating) is that the service was fairly slow. I mean, getting the food was ok, but getting our drinks was pretty slow, and so was getting the check. We were sitting there for a while, and I'm glad it wasn't a first date that went sour or this would've been awkward. She was the only waitress we saw outside, but she was at least nice. So I would say 4.5, but that's not an option.All in all it was a really good experience, and I would expect to go back and try something else with this place's strange twists on good food.
First time here, and a decent experience. Probably will want to come and try it again to see if quality is consistent...Chicken is grilled nicely, with just enough seasoning and a bit of that grilled taste, not too salty or dry. Potato wedges were tasty and the coleslaw was fresh, crunchy and sweet. Service was good, and the waitress they have working there is very efficient and hardworking. We got the variety pack combo ($30+tax) and it was quite filling for two people. It's a bit on the pricey side though. We tipped since we dined in.
Seafood. If your one of those guys, like me, who would rather have a buffet of some decent food over a barely half-filled plate of some fancy schmancy stuff, you may not want to go to a seafood joint that's landlocked. I mean, let's be honest, a seafood buffet is where it's at, and to find one it can be somewhat difficult in the Charlotte area. However, at Steve's, there are some damn filling portions of decent food if I must say so myself. Seems they pride themselves on their deep fried dishes, but that was expected. They also have healthier seafood options.Service was great. Waitress was very attentive to the needs of our table. Venue is fairly loud, décor-wise, but adds to the feeling of being down at the beach. And what can be better than that?
A very beautiful hotel. Lovey wine hour. Food at restaurant really good. Staff wonderful and room clean. Lovey pool.
I have been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience here. The food is good and the staff is friendly. They have specials daily for breakfast. If you are looking for a good breakfast spot with reasonable prices, Maria Grill is the spot
I feel like Ticoz is an Oasis of sorts.  One of those places that is cool and trendy on the inside but from the outside it fits in with gas stations and car repair joints.  I like that vibe.  Thanks to Emily D for a super rec!You step inside and it is sheik, and you eat outside on the patio and it's fresh and nice and just what you want.  While I'm not local, I imagine that's an awesome feature to be able to pop in and pull out of the "city."Our only mistake was not arriving for a Monday Happy Hour, $2 Mojitos?  Shut up!Great food, I had the boneless pork chop (thanks for taking care of that chef!) and some good drinks.  Slightly odd was the lychee martini had no lychee in it (like you know the spinney red fruit with the white eatable part inside).  I really just like vodka with a floating lychee, my explanation to the bartender/drink maker upper/server fellow didn't seem to efficiently communicate this.  A next drink of a drought Hoegarden was perfect though... so nice on the deck!
Great fish to rice ratio. Fish was very clean and of good quality, except for the yellowtail, which I would stay away from. Service was fast and attentive. Water was almost always near full.Individual ratings: bacon+scallop skewer: 6/13, yakitori: 8.5/13, pork belly: sweet 9/13, baked mussels: 11/13, red snapper nigiri: 11/13, yellowtail nigiri: 2/13, tamago nigiri: 7.5/13, Something Wrong roll: 10.5/13, black sesame blancmanger: 11.5/13
Really liking the vibe here.  I like how the bar and lobby start to blend with a full house.  It is definitely a cocktail joint and the beer on tap continues to grow.  Have been about twice a week since they opened.The food offers a wide variety to choose from and I like that many of the apps and entrees are created for a sharing environment. I've worked my way thru the menu pretty quickly.  Here's some suggestions:*Starters*Tater TotsDeviled EggsWarm Mixed NutsCitrus OlivesRoasted BeetsHeirloom Tomato Salad (Tasty, but 3 slices was not worth the price)*Main Dishes*Mac N CheesShort Ribs    (The gravy boat dish is cool, but the rib needs to be cut into smaller pieces)*Dessert*Cheese Cake with Tortilla Ice Cream   I'm not the biggest fan of dairy, but Tortilla Ice Cream is great!All in all, I'm happy with the cocktails and apps at any hour.  You do pay for the upscale environment to be downtown, but I feel it's worth the experience.  The elevated view out of the windows is a spectacular over the city.The biggest perk is you can head upstairs to Lustre's rooftop bar for a night cap.  You'll see a lot of the same staff working both bars.I recommend for anyone especially the Scottsdale crowd before catching a game
Une cuisine inventive et surtout vegan.Le cadre est globalement assez austère et peu chaleureux ce qui n'est pas du tout le cas du chef propriétaire italien et haut en couleur.C'est une bouffe généreuse tout comme la volubilité du chef.On y vient pour le côté vegan, (très) copieux et bon.Une véritable surprise à l'emplacement d'un ancien restaurant coréen.Chef agréable, sympathique et qui a à cœur de combler une clientèle vegan exigeante et mini qui souhaite sortir d'un repas rassasié.Je recommande pour la qualité et la créativité de la cuisine !
One of the few places I've eaten where the burger actually looks like the one on the menu. There are a lot of restaurants in Charlotte that serves great burgers. But for me, the best burger i've had from any bar or restaurant was from Foster's Grille. What sets Foster's apart is that their burgers are cooked on a real grill over open flames which sears the outside of the burger, seals in the juices and adds a bit of smokiness.  Anybody who has tried to grill burgers on their grill at home would know that trying to get acheive a perfect sear is a tricky process, there's a thin line between a greasy undercooked burger and a burnt chunk of meat that looks more like a lump of coal than a burger. All burgers are made in hefty 1/2 pound patties and I was told by the manager that the patties are made from not only chuck, but also a mix of prime cuts of beef. I also like how the pickles and tomatoes are sliced thick, compared to other restaurants which I think slice their veggies with a lazer to cut them so thin. I love hand-cut fries, and Foster's Grille serves them as good as they can be. Idaho potatoes are cut fresh every morning, made to order and are served lightly seasoned with sea salt. Malt Vinegar is available at every table, right next to the ketchup, a defection from the all-american theme which could almost be regarded as treasonable, but I just hate ketchup so much that i prefer the malt vinegar...back to my review. Fries are great.Overall, this restaurant is a place I would visit on a regualar basis. The staff is friendly, restaurant is clean, family friendly atmosphere classic american decor, indoor and outdoor seating, lighting is bright,  and daily specials like free milkshakes, 50¢ wings, $2 pints, and bottomless fry-days. Prices are comparable to five guys The only thing that stopped me from giving Foster's Grille five stars is that they use gas instead of charcoal to grill the burgers, when it comes to grilling you can't beat the flavor that wood and charcoal provides. But other than that, Foster's Grille is a great place to eat
We were looking for a quick bite on the way to Taliesin West - thanks yelpers for helping us land here.  Quickly seated, super efficient waitress, chicken beer bread for me (which is really like a wrap - but it was delish). Husband got the double nachos, which are smothered in cheese and beef and have their own pot of more goodies to dump on top..  Nice.  Kid ate a burger - thumbs up...we got out of there and up the road in the nick of time.  Efficient, fast, family friendly - it gets four stars for being a good sports bar
This restaurant is very aptly named because it is definitely full of spicy food. now of course there is food that is not spicy and it is pretty good, but what it shines in is the food is actually done pretty well. creativity wise i wouldn't expect anything that is exceptionally different then other korean bars/restaurant, they do korean fried chicken, as well as a variety of other hot plated snacks and food. Overall the food is done very fresh and fast, and the price is pretty reasonably priced for most of the items. I would say its a great place to hang out with friends and catch a bite, which is probably why when i came here on a friday night it was packed. there is also a lunch special for people who are more interested in just trying food and not in the bar environment. the only thing place loses stars on is service. the food is pretty quick and good, but the service is so so, they are chronically understaffed it seems, and also on off hours i believe they don't place the best staff, as some are very inattentive and takes forever to get orders or checks. overall i would still recommend this place as the food is pretty good. but if you hate spicy food you might find it harder to find food that you want
Delicious! We split the house made balsamic glaze mozzarella, it's a must have! I had the butternut squash ravioli. I ordered a small portion and it was the perfect size. My husband had the carbonara, which was pretty tasty, but would have been better if the huge, stringy chunk of pork was cut up a bit more. When asked if you want a side of bread with your meal, one order is enough for two. We will definitely return next time we are in Toronto.
Talk about a hot spot, this place sure is on the rise. Beautifully decorated restaurant and full of life, with a very accommodating wait staff to boot. Was attracted to the unique menu offerings, like crab stuffed chicken, which was great by the way. Make a reservation, or you'll be eating elsewhere lol
The dumplings are to die for! I've gone twice now and the food has been fantastic each time.The restaurant itself is a small, cute space. That being said, you're always within a food of another table. Private conversations are probably not best had here. My only complaint was the last time I went, every 30 seconds a chef making dough would SLAM it onto the counter. It sounded like a gun shot. It made the meal really unappetizing when you're jumping every 30 seconds.
Finally getting around to writing my review. The meat is delicious, sides are sorta sparse with salad being the main veggies. It is also ridiculously hot in here!  Service sucks even if you are asian. So if you have anyone that speaks korean, make sure you bring them along so you get better service.
I was surprised to see some of the bad reviews on here, so I want to share my opinion too. A group of us went to the Rok nightclub inside NYNY in early March, 2011. We had a great time! I personally really enjoyed it for several reasons. -It was more casual and carefree then other nightclubs I've been to, which I liked. -I was given four (4!) free drinks and was able to get into the night club for free before 11pm. -Fun and danceable music; it looked like a lot of people were enjoying themselves. -Staff were friendly.-We did not wait in line outside the club. Most importantly, this was all without spending a bunch of money! I recommend this place if you like a more casual and friendly locale and you're looking for good deals. I will go back if they're willing to give out more free drinks. Thanks, KC :-)
Low cost laughs. We got two for one coupons and a five dollar tip got us a great table. Funny show. Really funny if you are with your significant other or spouse though. Show is about the differences between men and women. Sitting next to each other and the pointing and the yes You do thats Make the show even better.  Really funny and presented well.   A great couples night away from the cirque shows
This restaurant has recently added new owners and I am now a bigger fan! Dim Sum service was a little smoother! Great taro and egg tarts! Will be our go to for east valley Dim Sum! The location is in the Mekong Plaza - large space, very mall like. It gets packed on the weekend so come early!!
Good BBQ is hard to find in Phoenix (from what I've seen) however I was pleasantly surprised that I found this place as the BBQ was good southern-style.  Friendly staff, just wish they had more options for sides and longer hours.  Good place!
i've been back to eat dinner and breakfast many times...and, i've never been disappointed...except one time when i ordered the brioche french toast...it was more like a brioche bread pudding...it was just waaaay too sweet...other than that ONE time, i've always been pleased with my dining experiences at bouchon...there is something to be said for consistently good food and service...i usually eat breakfast at least once at bouchon when i'm in las vegas...last time, my friend i ordered:coffee...tea with milkhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=YcXYj3HsiujV-W-lg32YIQpotato croquettes, eggs, bacon, and toasthttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=6inaP277c7Ujr4uLXB1IyQcorn beef hash with cubed potatoes and eggs....my favorite breakfast item at bouchon...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=GkcwhVOg868hL67-efVgsAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPajgKOJC2vo_l3xa42A?select=OhnLORkH5EhzC8ZN3VoSgQi also like their house-made yogurt and granola with currants, and bread basket...can't really go wrong here...
I would definitely give this place more stars if it didn't take so darn long to get a single waffle even on a slow night but man are they delicious! They are generous size waffles and lots of flavor!
Well priced dishes.  Cafeteria style - order at the counter and pre-pay.  Always delicious, mouthwatering medianoches and other wonderful sandwiches.  Say yes to La Cubana!
Standard Taco Bell. I used to work by this one a lot. It's always clean and the employees are always nice. I really probably eat far too much of this stuff, but it's so good.
The carne asada and carnitas tacos great!   Would definitely go back and try something else next time.
I attended a NHL pre season match known as Frozen Fury here very recently and loved every minute of it. The arena is small with great viewing from even the upper seats. Sadly Vegas doesn't host many professional sports events in general because this would make a great arena for my exhibition games for the NBA or NHL. They were not utilizing the screens at our event which seemed silly but I am pretty sure that was a promoter/organization issue more than the MGM Grand Arena. You can hop off the monorail and be right at the main entrance in case you don't stay at the MGM Grand. I could imagine it not being the best venue for acoustics but a fun venue in a great casino!
My deliverer was fast and nice. This is my go to place when I was some garlic breaded pizza.
First time there, ordered food to go on a Friday evening by phone. It took a couple of times of trying for the phone call to be answered, so I knew they were busy. The wait is a little long on the weekend, fyi...40 min. When I got there every table was full, good sign.We ordered the gyoza, the pad thai shrimp, the pad see ew with chicken, and the house fried rice with chicken. They were all good. The only two small things were the gyoza were no longer as hot as the other dishes, and my husband said medium on the pad thai wasn't hot enough. But the quality of the food was good, plus for next time they said they deliver within 5 miles for orders over $35, with a $4 delivery fee. I have a toddler and gave him the rice, pad see ew, and gyoza and he liked all of them.
I ate here for brunch on Sunday.  It's $22 and you may have to roll yourself out after.  It included a mimosa/bloody mary, appetizer, and main plate.  I had the fruit and cheese along with the brioche french toast.  All was great.  They could have had some more flavorful cheeses, but the atmosphere and kind service made up for the lackluster cheese.  The bacon and potato fingerlings were absolutely amazing!  I will definitely be returning for brunch!
Very recently during my stay in Windsor for business I ate lunch here.  The waitress was polite and attentive. I was told I needed to try the chicken delight which I did. Now I can say I know what a chicken delight is.  The order cake with a side which I hit the cedar salad.  The only thing I disliked the chicken delight has way too much creamy sauce as well as the salad   The salad was soggy. I ended up picking up the chicken from the wrap.  The chicken was cooked to perfection.  Really busy when I was there for lunch.
Great setting, fun energy, prices weren't overly outlandish, good service, food was good. We ordered jelly filled beignets which were very tasty. Pecan sticky bun was edible but not my favorite (a little dry)I had croque Madame which was my favorite dish of the meal. Not too heavy surprisingly and very flavorful. Friends got chicken and waffles which I thought wasn't that great, and another guy got smoked salmon plate which was pretty basic. I'd definitely come back if I wanted a non-buffet Vegas brunch.
China Grill has amazing food. It is a fine dining experience. Expect small portions at a steep price. Feel free to dress up, or dress down. This place is a cozy little hot spot with beautiful decor, and waiters!The bathrooms are worth paying general admission to use. TVs and everything!!I felt like a movie star when I was there. The service is superb and the food top-notch. Recommendations:Appetizer- Lamb spare ribs Dinner: Drunken chicken
Expect this place to be packed on a Saturday. It was so packed, it was a tad frustrating when trying to navigate the aisles. I don't think I could solely shop at this store if there was one in my area but I do like that they have a lot of unique food items. Since I knew I wouldn't be back to Trader Joe's for a while, because it's so far from where I live, I made sure to really look at everything they had to offer. My favorite part of the store was the frozen foods section. There were hundreds of frozen foods I'd never seen before. So, here's what I bought: cookie butter, a trio of flavored olive oils, cinnamon coffee cake, frozen lobster ravlioli, frozen orange chicken, frozen orange juice (as recommended by a friend), creamy gorgonzola, frozen naan, frozen mac & cheese bites, a smoked ghost chili grinder, and a few clif bars in flavors I've never seen before. Total bill was $40. My favorite item so far is the cookie butter. I could literally eat it with a spoon. Actually, I did. Anyway, the lobster ravioli is delicious but you don't get much in a package. Enough for 2 people. The coffee cake was tasty. The gorgonzola, well, I guess you have to like stinky, moldy cheese, I don't. Not sure what I was thinking there but it was awful. Haven't tried any of the other items yet. The lady who rang up my groceries (Tora) was very nice and talked to me a lot and seemed to really like her job. Overall, a pleasant experience, I just wish the store was a little less busy. Maybe I'll go again on a week day.
The idea behind this place is great. It screams nostalgia for any gamer while providing really good pizza. The pepperoni pizza was delicious. The crust was cooked to perfection and the cheese was gooey and melted. They carry a variety of canned sodas, my personal favorites including Grape soda and Vanilla Dr. Pepper! Being able to play video games while you wait for your order is what makes this place so unique. Each table against the wall has at least one system hooked up varying from NES to the Wii U and PS3! Overall great place. 4 stars instead of 5 because of location size. It could be so much more if moved to a larger location. But, start small and grow Super Pizza Bros.
Home away from home.  Just the place I needed to find to make a great dinner for our hosts.
Almost exactly the same as Canter's in New York.  A bit pricey, but also huge and very tasty sandwiches.  I always have a hard time choosing between the Pastrami and the Reuben.  We got a Reuben here and a potato knish (Karen had never had a knish, and their is delicious).  My brother-in-law got the pastrami, and he liked it so much he did not want to trade a quarter sandwich to try the Reuben!!!  Hahahahaha!I told him both were good, but this was only the second day since we met (the first day he eloped with my sister in Vegas, hahahaha) so maybe he did not trust me yet.  Oh well.They have beer here as well, and slot machines out front.  They have cool modern diner tables and I need to post my picture of us there cuz it was cool.  Some may complain about $15 for a sandwich and a beer, but on the strip, it is a pretty good price for a dent meal, and especially a sandwich big enough for two.  I would go back in a heartbeat, just like I would  go back to the original in LA.
Always a tasty treat. The special ground beef has a flavorful kick. The manager delivered my order. Colorful decor.
El Diablo dish for brunch is amaaazing. Great atmosphere! Try the pims carafe.  The only negative content I have is,  that if you go by yourself they won't seat you. .. They'll tell you to go to the bar even if there's no spots open.I found that to be a bit weird, but it was busy, so maybe that was the reason.
Recently went here to get my short pixie cut, and Mike was my hair dresser! Mike made me feel completely comfortable and did an awesome job (as I always get nervous with short hair cuts). He was easy going and cut my hair exactly how I had asked, definitely will be going back :)
So far this is the ONLY place I found a REAL NY egg roll.  The egg roll is about the size of half of a Roberto's burrito....as it should be to be considered a NY egg roll. I just wish they offered different varieties like back east, such as chicken, pork, & shrimp egg rolls..
Trufusion is great... The instructors are great, the staff is great, but membership rates seem to keep elevating. I really hope they are raising prices to invest in a new studio for us here in Henderson because that is my only complaint: the rates and of course the inevitable: which is the amount of people and how packed some classes get. The workouts are very intense but you can still go at your own pace. I love this place but I would love it even more if rates would stop raising and if somehow classes were to be limited to a smaller amount of people or the owners open a new location. (Close to impossible.) I know this is asking for a lot but those are the only two recommendations I have. Other than that, this place is great.
Excellent food! Watan Kabob is amazing in taste and speed. Had a Tandoori Chicken dish and I loved the taste. The Vege salad portion was quite small yet the positive is that it had more vegetables than leaves. Went with a friend and thoroughly enjoyed the food.Staff are very friendly and is happy to make suggestions.The only reason I gave a 4 star is because of the restaurant outlook. Pretty ordinary. However, there is a lot of natural light coming in.
Had Dinner here for spring training - good service, good food. I had the roast chicken, was delicious, and everyone who had ribs was VERY happy
I absolutely love this place! Every time I go I get something different and Cabo never disappoints. The salsa is chunky and amazing, and the queso is always gone within 5 minutes of touching the table. Portions are large!
Great sushi. We were recommended I love Sushi by chance. Met a couple at Egg Works (another great restaurant for breakfast). They told us about I Love Sushi and we tried it later that night. Really fresh fish , which is as anyone knows is hard to come across in the desert. Service was quick and very attentive. Drinks never went empty and sushi chef couldn't wait to fix us something else. Try it out if you are in the area. It's a bit pricey but worth the $$.
I can only review their delivery service, which has been a godsend on some rather god-forsaken nights. The food has arrived fresh, and of fantastic quality. I can highly recommend their salmon, as the Lemon Beurre Blanc was fantastic. My favorite, though, has to be the Norman Rockwell burger. It is a perfectly medium rare burger (can be cooked more if requested, but doing so would be a travesty), topped with bacon, american cheese, and a sunny side up egg.While their prices are somewhat high, the quality of the food is above reproach, earning them 4 stars in my opinion.
Love the food here and typically love the servers. I eat here at least twice a month and the food will never fail you, its that good of quality. Noramlly get the coconut shrimp, edamame and sushi off of the appetizer menu and the jeweled beef or Buddha's feast off of the entree menu. Our server this time around had zero customer service skills and zero personality.  She walked up to our table and was like 2 ft away asking what we wanted to drink.  Didn't introduce herself or anything. No smile at all...seemed miserable. If it wasnt for the food i would be giving this place and experience this time around 2 stars.
This is Indian food the way Chipotle is Mexican food. An approximation, an assembly line, if you're in the mood for quick food that tastes decent. The flavour is good. Tried some choolaah bowls (lamb bbq and veggie croquettes). The paneer was fresh. I'd definitely go here rather than a typical Indian restaurant in America (which usually serves dishes I can make better).
Super cool ambience and music!!.. This is a great place for a Friday or Saturday night!!.. I had soooo much fun there!!.. Also the drinks were good... If you want to have a good time, this place is just perfect!!...
Great neighborhood grocery store. Quickly pick up the necessities, baked goods, and deli options. Surprisingly wide selection for the small square footage of the store. Friendly staff.
Service was fast and effective. Not a huge menu but what you'd expect at a rib and BBQ place. You order when you walk in and the order is filled by the time you get to the register.We split a rack of ribs. These are St. Louis dry rub style. Excellent! We had coleslaw, mac & cheese and fries. The fries were a bit salty fir our tastes. The other sides were great. They have 6 or so beers on tap. Soft drinks and ice tea. Place was clean with decent music to match the ambience. We will return
Had some sushi delivered again and it was superb! My husband had the orange chicken and he thought it tasted a little fishy but overall the sushi was very good fast delivery and ohhhh they use sushi rice now!!!! Will continue on bringing business (^_^)
H&M consistantly has clothes that I like, for reasonable prices.  It's usually one of the 1st places I'll hit when I'm out shopping.  This location is much bigger than the H&Ms I've been too... it even has baby clothes!  So what was wrong?  Well, I was shopping with a guy who's a size 'L' and they barely had his size in the style and color he wanted.  Most of the things he found he couldn't get or had to choose another color in because they were out of 'L'.   I haven't shopped this location for girls as I normally shop in Cali but, I hope this doesn't happen to me too if I go back!Might see ya there.
Great sports bar.  Lots of nice big TVs, yummy wings, good drink specials (w/ a great range of beers on draft, though the two don't typically intersect so I was drinking $3 Mirror Pond Ale from a bottle poured into an icy pint glass), enthusiastic if somewhat homer crowd (I guess I just insulted myself.  Well, at least I didn't loudly protest very obvious calls against the Cards like the table next to us).  Anyway don't expect great service, though I won't complain too loud - I guess under certain circumstances I can actually be patient.  Bathrooms - at least the men's room is pretty disgusting, but I survived.  Otherwise the place is pretty nice inside - our waitress gave everyone coasters.  One minor niggle: there were a couple kids there when we first got there.  The family left around halftime and the little babies were asleep most of the time, (and mercifully quiet the entire time) but this sort of thing is simply not appropriate.  Put up a sign.  "No firearms or children allowed."
1st visit to this location was... Decent but all the booths were dirty in one way or another... on my visit I was at the mercy of someone's personal playlist for the not so great music.
Tremont Scoops has REOPENED under new ownership!  They've refreshed their branding, and they're now scooping a variety of ice creams made by a local family-owned ice cream company.  I liked the dark chocolate, mango sorbet, moose tracks and peanut butter flavors the best, although they have a nice assortment of flavors that they've clearly put some thought into.The focus is on the classic ice cream flavors, with a few interesting ones thrown in.  In addition to the standard cone selections (cake, sugar, and waffle), they also offer something called a pretzel cone.Overall, it's a nice addition to the neighborhood and a welcome improvement to the old Scoops.
By far they have the best Babaganoush in the city and I have tried many. The shwarma is amazing.  We go at least 2x a month.  They have just been taken over by new owners....I am hopeful the quality will remain consistent.
Went in today just looking to get an oil change and a quick wash. Ended up getting an oil change and a full interior and exterior detail with a windshield crack fix up. Everyone was extremely kind and up front with pricing right away, no hidden fees or tricks. I was told the whole thing would be around 1.5 hours and it ended up being 2.5, that was the only downside. But who puts a time on making your car brand new??? 2.5 hours later and my car literally looks like I just drove it off the dealership lot. Highly recommend all of the services at this location, I've been coming here for years.
Shockingly great service is possible at SMA. The nurse called me to the back office before I was finished checking in at the front desk. As soon as the nurse left my room, Dr. Mehta walked in. It was hard to believe I was in Vegas, at a medical clinic. Felt more like McDonalds, in a good way.Dr. Mehta is efficient. I love efficient people. Dr. Mehta had the misfortune of seeing me after I had already been seen twice at Quickcare, so I was fed up. One doctor said Strep throat, the other said viral infection and, in the meantime, I developed pink eye. A hot mess is what I heard some people mumbling as I walked away coughing and rubbing my eyes.Anyhow, he ordered three prescriptions, two blood tests and a chest Xray and told me I couldn't return to work for 3 days. He held up his fingers as he told me, "Three days. You don't want people seeing you like that anyway, do you? Three days."I appreciated his humor and the fact that he didn't chastise me too much for taking my friend's medicine. All I had to do was walk across the hall for the blood test and across the street for the Xray. Piece of cake. In and out.
Sooooo yummmmy!  Closest to yummys in Hawaii as you can get.  Only down no Mac Salad!  Best is meat jun...second is spicy pork!  This place is sorta close to my work but they will be opening soon on Craig Rd --- on the North side.  Add Mac salad as a side and I'll give 5 stars! :-)
Parents took me here while I was home for Labor Day. We walked right in on a Saturday evening, no wait. Place is nice and open inside, especially on a nice day with the patio open. We got a large pizza with mushrooms and sweet peppers and an order of their wings. I was intrigued by the wings because there isn't a vast list of flavors like other wing joints--just their blend. I was a bit skeptical when my dad told me they come covered in sautéed onions, but wow were they good. Seasoned perfectly with their special blend of spices and the onion flavor seeped in. Tasted like a chicken wing should, not trying too hard to mask the actual taste. I wish I had taken a picture so you could see the onion pile, which we ate on the pita bread that came with It (my dad also added some to his pizza when it came.)The pizza was also quite good. I loved the mushrooms because they were cooked differently than the normal soggy type that shows up on pizza. My only complaint, and I know it's coal oven pizza, is that the edge of our pizza crust was very burnt. The bottom wasn't, but the edge of about half was extremely blackened. I think it needed spun more in the oven while cooking to even it out. But I'd still definitely return, it was even good cold for breakfast leftovers the next day!
I was recently telling a friend of mine about Lawry's The Prime Rib and how good it was.  And he said the best he ever had was at Jerry's Nugget.  I'd never heard of the place, but I met him there for dinner one night.  When I drove into the neighborhood, I thought I'd taken the wrong direction.  It is not in a good neighborhood at all, in North Las Vegas.  Needless to say, when I pulled up in the parking lot, I was beyond skeptical.  I walked in and it was basically a dump with rather seedy looking clientele.  However, when I walked in the coffee shop, I was quite surprised.  The food looked incredible.  And it smelled great.  I ordered the Prime Rib.  They had three sizes.  I got the small one, and my friend got the medium sized one.  The small one was enough for me.  The medium sized one looked like the size of one served on The Flintstones.  It was HUGE!  I could have eaten four meals off of it.  But it was definitely top notch prime rib.  The service was ok.  They weren't overly friendly.  But I definitely love their food.  And the menu is huge.  I highly recommend it.
Had AYCE option. I like the novelty of it. Food comes around often enough with fresh additions every few minutes. You can also order off the menu if something you want isn't on the belt.There isn't much variety though.
Wow, what a pleasant surprise!  I never would have known about Al Mike's (as it is known casually) without reading the reviews on Yelp.  Most people said very positive things, so we decided to go here for my birthday dinner.  There were 5 of us, and then 7 on a Saturday night.  Granted the weather was terrible, but we were easily seated at a comfortable table in the middle of the restaurant.  The waitress put up with our indecisiveness with grace and humor, and answered all of our questions very nicely.Our group started with the Fried Pickles, and even with that many people one order was enough.  Of course, if you know Fried Pickles you know that too much is not a good thing.  These were light and not greasy, even though they came out to us super-hot and fresh out of the fryer.  Their ranch dressing was wonderful, and really complimented the sharp dill taste of the pickles.Our entrees arrived very quickly, and our table ordered everything from one of the specials, to pasta, to a burrito.  All reports back on entrees were positive.  We had a vegetarian in the group and he was easily acommodated by their menu.My Feta Chicken dish was chicken (duh) served over penne pasta with lots of veggies and covered in feta cheese.  The taste of the dish was great, and my only complaints had to do with texture.  The sauce was more of a broth, which is how it was described in the menu, but I guess I was expecting a bit more structure to it.  And, the chicken was tough.  Flavorful, but tough.  The rest of the dish was great.  The feta was lively, and there were some wonderful mushrooms in the sauce that were a treat to discover every few forkfuls.Because it was my birthday, I got a free chocolate brownie!  It came out with a little candle in it, which was very sweet.  Our group also ordered the bread pudding.  Between the two desserts, I think the bread pudding might be the superb choice even though I'm a chocolate girl through and through.  It had a complex flavor that was just delightful.  The brownie was good, as really all brownies are.I prefer wine, and while the wine list is not extensive here I was perfectly happy with the pinot noir on the menu.  If you are a beer drinker, than this place has a ton of options for you!  The rest of my group drank beer, and heartily enjoyed it.I am so glad to have found Al Mike's, and I strongly recommend that you make the effort to find it in the 4th Ward.  It's easiest to get to off Graham Street - just turn south onto 9th and it's a block or so up the road.  Loved it!!!
Food was good and price was reasonable.  Defiantly would go back and recommend to others.
They have good charbroiled pork spring rolls and the atmosphere is nice. But the bun bo hue is a little disappointed to me because its flavor is not tasty as I expected and I'm sorry to say but the broth a little bland. I was also a little sad because I didn't get my veggies with my soup. But I want to try more food from the menu and I hope I will have a better experience here.
Pretty good Chinese food. We had a variety of old traditional Cantonese dishes and they were great. $160CAN included tax and tip for lobster, Chinese broccoli, pork with salted fish, greens with pork, tofu, flat noodles with beef and black beans sauce, oxtail clay pot and the house soup and rice. Perfect for 7 of us. Good down home cooking!
Consistently our go to breakfast spot in sprawling Phoenix.We thought it was worth the 20mi drive this past weekend while visiting.Next trip we will try dinner.Great creative menu leaning toward healthy options.Being healthy here does not mean sacrificing taste.Great option among commonplace franchises and boring eateries.
All in all a solid burger joint and i can see why this place gets rave reviews.  I ordered the Guacamole Burger with Sweet Potato fries - both were extremely good.  The burger was cooked just right and had tons of flavor.  The Guacamole ranked right up there with the best I've had with a nice blend of advocados, shaved red onions, and corn salsa.  The sweet potato fries were really good but there are other places in Charlotte that have better.  I did like the fact that they are hand cut and still had the skin.I don't think this is the best burger joint in Charlotte but it definitely ranks up there.  If I were in the judging business - which I'm not - I would put Kickstand burgers a notch above Bang Bang.  Another edge Kickstand has over Bang Bang is the ambiance.  Bang Bang has more of a fast food feel while Kickstand is more of a sit and stay for a while restaurant.
I am giving it 4 stars just because it's vegan, but it really only deserves 3 stars. The quality of the food is great, but the flavours are just a little off. We've been twice now, tried different dishes, and every time everyone at the table is slightly disappointed by the flavours. The dishes are so close to being delicious, yet so far. I will return on invite, but won't be suggesting it as a go to spot.
Yogis grill was pretty good overall and I was impressed by the variety of menu offerings.  I ordered two rolls and both were good size and fairly priced.  They have kids meals that provide large servings.  The udon soup looked good as well and was served in a large bowl with plenty of meat and noodles.  Seating was okay and the service was very fast.  I would definitely go back again.
Food is good, filled up the 3 men in our party (one was a 3 year old who saw his choc. chip pancakes and couldn't help but ooh and ahh).  My son and husband both had some hefty omelets and very nice looking hash browns while I was more than pleased with my fit and healthy egg white omelet, fruit and toast!Staff was great-our waitress was wonderful.Plus, our grandson was very impressed with all the wooden bears-especially getting to sit behind the tree of bears and see their "tushies"!
This is our favorite breakfast joint. They have the BEST pancakes in the valley.We've only been in for breakfast since their dinner menu doesn't offer any vegetarian options besides getting a grilled cheese or asking for no meat on the salads. Adding a veggie burger would be inexpensive for the restaurant, can be tossed in the back of the freezer and be charged the same price as a beef burger. This simple addition would allow us to come in for dinner all the time!
Great food, probably twice the price of most Chinese restaurants, but worth every penny! We were four and the bill came out to $184 excluding tip. I'm generally not a fan of Chinese food, as I find it very greasy and can never eat much of it. But at Orchidée, my stomach was a bottomless pit! The food is practically grease-less! And I've never had food served directly to my plate by a waiter in a Chinese restaurant. We ordered general tao tofu, shrimp with vegetables, pan-fried noodles, duck pancakes and sauteed lamb with shallots. Every dish was a delight!The service was excellent, except  my waiter was a little too loud-talking, like a close-talking Asperger with a lisp, and accidentally spit on me at one point. Also, when we were trying to leave, my friend lost her coat-check ticket and the coat-check girl would not let her have her coat and did nothing to remedy the situation. She did not call over the manager or have my friend pay and/or sign a waiver form for losing her ticket. I got fed up and grabbed my friend's coat from the girl. Orchidée needs to put in place a lost-ticket policy for situations like these - I'm sure most people have lost a coat-check ticket at least once in their lives.
Delicious sandwiches- and it's in my neighborhood.A new addition to the Ohio City growing restaurant scene, I was pretty happy to see a sandwich place open up. Sometimes I just really want a hot solid fresh sandwich- and lo and behold, Herb n Twine appeared!It's a cute space- maybe 4-5 tables, and it was completely full when we went for a late lunch around 2pm on Saturday. I ordered the Korean fried chicken sandwich, he got the meatball sandwich, and we got a cup of tomato bisque to top it off (hey, why not).First of all- the BREAD. They use delicious, thick, crunchy bread- none of that soft, soggy, falling apart bread- the bread they use is good quality. It almost reminded me of banh mi bread- but slightly different. Nonetheless, the bread was delicious.Second- the ingredients are fresh. Delicious and fresh!!We were actually surprised how big our sandwiches were too. They were both very flavorful- I had kind of wanted my Korean fried chicken to be spicy (bc, well, most Korean anything is), which it was not, but it was still good. His meatball sandwich was really good meat as well.The tomato bisque was delcious too- not too salty (which, being more of a broth soup kind of person, I personally dislikes super salty soups, so theirs was GREAT), which even came with almost garlic like type of bread croutons. I'm not sure what they were, but they sure were delicious in our soup!Overall, I really liked this place for a solid sandwich- if you're looking for a quick and solid sandwich shop- deflinitely stop by Herb n Twine.
Celebrated a graduation of a friends here during brunch and bottomless mimosas. I was pleasantly surprised at how good the steak and egg tacos were. It is a small location and very busy, but the wait staff still did their best to accommodate everyone and their needs. I would recommend this place for brunch!
Stopped here for a quick bite before going to dinner. Had a delicious slice of pizza with goat cheese, onions, eggplant and heirloom tomatoes. Pleasant service also and the place was packed with patrons.
Excellent new sushi spot right around the corner from my house! how much better does it get than that? Tried the : Shrimp popper, Salmon Special, The Hanabi special, my absolute favorite roll was the Crispy rainbow i love the combination and sauce. I also tried the salmon poke and tuna poke i personally did not like the seaweed in the poke.  For dessert i tried the Honey Toast it was good, The bread was nice and chrispy but it's just hawaiian bread and vanilla ice cream with honey. Just a reminder fellow yelpers the umm 8.01 discount for Ayce has expired. Idkif they just have not gotten around to taking that down or just smart business lol ;) Either way give Hanabi a shot!
I have been so happy to see Heist turn things around from when they were not producing good beer years ago. Our recent visit during Queens Feast Restaurant Week was not quite five-stars, as we were seated at a two-top that had lots of server/waiter traffic rushing by, but it didn't get in the way of us wanting to come back.Interestingly enough, it was the focaccia and desserts that stole the show; our main courses were good, just not as memorable. I love their wings and really enjoy their beer, so overall the food gets high marks in my book. As is expected in NoDa, parking was limited on a busy Friday night. I was particualry impressed with the ka kau and brunch junkie beers and the blackberry pickin sour had real bright color and full flavor. Keep it going Heist! I look forward to seeing how popular the new event space is that just opened.
Each Wednesday, Mario's South Side Saloon plays host to Team Trivia. Last week, we went for the first time and had a blast. We didn't win, but if we did, our pre-trivia meal would have been covered, since the first place receives Mario's Gift Certificates. Before trivia, I feasted on one of the burgers, the Cow Tipper. The cow tipper is a hamburger with avacado, red and banana peppers, cheddar and mozzarella cheeses. Despite not being asked how I wanted my burger cooked, it turned out medium-well. The burger was thick and difficult to get your mouth around, but each bite got a little of every ingredient for a consistant meal. I wish the avacado would have been on top of the burger instead of under it, because it left the bottom bun soft and mushy. The curly fries were a good choice for a side, especially seeing the sweet potato fries were soft and greesy (how, I don't know). In the end, I was pleased and learned that I need to see more movies in order to compete in Team Trivia.
Located inside Treasure Island, the pastrami was outstanding!  Piled high on good rye bread. Several kinds of mustards to try on the table.  Well worth your time. And parking is easier than the LA location.
Me and my Girlfriend decided to take a walk down to the AGO from a place we rented out while on vacation here. While looking for food she spotted Chippy's from across the street and both of us being fish and deep fried food people, we thought we should give them a try.Honestly, I think we were both impressed with the food. Nice portions, tasty sauces (I had the pepper mayo, she had the garlic mayo) and the fish was fresh and the fries were awesome. She went with the Trout, the fish itself wasn't super flavourful, but the batter they cooked it in added quite a buttery compliments that we eaten together (as you should) really brought the fish alive. As for me, I went for the Scallops. Honestly, I have to say, I really, really enjoyed them. The batter was nice and crispy, but not to the point of hurting your gums, the seafood was soft and very flavourful. Adding the dipping sauces, you really get the full effect. Pepper mayo + Scallops = happy taste buds.The staff here (The one guy who was working at the time) was super friendly, really chilled out vibe, interesting music selection as well.I really recommend checking this place out if you go to the Trinity Bellwoods Park.
Tops is the oddball little neighbourhood dive bar/sports bar that I would be happy to call my local watering hole. Cont'd below, but first off - As far as pizza goes, Tops are total champions! Super heavy yet not greasy, and loaded the hell up with tasty toppings, Tops does pizza right. We got the New Yorker half and halfed with the Spartan pizza. Steak bites, mushrooms, green pepper, onions and bacon stripes [sic] (actia;;u there were a tonne of spelling mistakes on this menu - @yycist would have a hayday) meets donair meat and banana peppers. It's unruly delicious. It's also close to $40 for an XL (14").a Worth it? Yeah, we both had leftovers.You start getting north and what happens? Unfortunately the bars get further and further away. You'd better hope you live next to a fits-all bar that fits you. Or, you know, you could just live a lifestyle that doesn't involve having a close to home spot where you can drink, eat, and befriend the other drinkin' eatin' locals... But I don't even want to entertain that as a possibility...Now I say sports bar/dive bar. On first look, Tops is surprisingly nice, sporting a giant guitar in the roof. On the ground, the bar counters shadow the outline of the giant guitar. Where the fretboard is, is a long bar height table good for conversational seating for up to 8 people. But for some reason I can't help but think that it is merely lipstick on a pig... Maybe it was the human feces smeared along and adjacent strip mall glass door, and then piled on the sidewalk below, as I approached Tops... Maybe.But Tops can't be blamed for that, it wasn't even their business! Well, yes it wasn't their business, but can they be blamed? Ehn, I have a feeling that's a different story altogether... I don't yet know the denouement.
Yes this is a dive bar but the best most friendliest awesome local place ever.., if you don't like it  well Scottsdale Is not too far... But I enjoy the cheap drinks best jukebox and everyone knows everyone:D
Where everybody know your name will hit you when you walk in. It is a great local watering hole even if nobody knows my name when I walk in because we don't come here enough. We really should though as it has a wide beer selection and terrific bar food. The ribeye sandwich is scrumptious.
Love this facility and the amenities that are offered for the price! Just be careful of the personal training. The general manager and the area director were very helpful and seemed to care and want to do better. Of course with any gym the peak times are crowded, go to any gym that is worth while and this is what you will find!
Split a sushi boat with 3 others. Good variety and quality for the price. For $45, you get 4 full rolls (cali, shrimp tempura, las vegas, and spicy tuna) and an assortment of sashimi. We originally came here to try out the AYCE but our lack of appetites and the limited choices of the AYCE changed our minds. I like the ambiance and the big wipes they provide. I wasn't in love with the TV programming.  Cartoon network has super weird stuff nowadaysThey provided free miso soup before the meal and watermelon afterward!
This is a really nice hotel.  A big step-up for Champaign-Urbana.  The rooms were clean, the beds and bedding were high quality, and bathroom was great.  Free Wifi, and fast too, up to 20 Mbps!  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was a minor mix-up with the reservation but this was promptly taken care of.
Nice historic house, we dropped in for lunch and had the Po Boy Sandwiches with catfish and shrimp , service was great ! The lady that greeted us made conversation with us the whole time we were there making us feel at home and welcomed! We will definitely be back to try dinner next time
Have been here before, but did not write a review.  The decor is beautiful, it makes you feel as if you were under the water.  The wait/host staff are a little austere but efficient.  The food is the star.  The DanDan Mien is flavorful with just the right amount of spice, the BBQ platter was cooked perfectly - pork, duck and chicken all juicy and delicious.  We also ordered the eggplant and string beans which were tender and succulent (not soggy in the sauce at all)!  An incredible meal and great cocktails!
We walked in the door and were immediately greeted and seated by the hostess. The restaurant has a warm and inviting atmosphere. While we waited for our entrees, we snacked on a couple of crunchy egg rolls for a appetizer and my husband had a cup of egg drop soup that came with his meal. All was delicious, nothing unique about the appetizer, but as expected. I ordered the daily ramen and my husband ordered the teriyaki chicken. I like that they offer white or brown rice as a option. The ramen was very good- brothy and full of fresh veggies and chicken.  My husband really liked his chicken teriyaki as well. The whole meal was about $30 before tax and tip. Great experience overall! We will definitely come back and bring our three teenagers. There was something there for every body.
Large portions! Especially the scrambler the pancakes were good very large good selection of sandwiches also. They only accept cash. Go at an off time so you don't have to wait in line. Good shakes and the waiters are friendly. Nice cozy atmosphere.
Food Quality: 5/5Parking: 4/5Service: 4/5Kitchen Speed: 4/5Wait Time: 1/5The food is great at Olive Garden.  All you can eat salad, and fantastic pasta dishes.  Try the Seafood Portofino!  The down side of Olive Garden in Calgary is that there is only 1 location and they don't take reservations.  That means that unless you go really early, or really late, you'll be waiting in the lobby like a knob for an hour or more.Once you get in, the service staff are quick to take your order and on a good night, the kitchen has your order done quickly and correctly.  On a bad night, it may take half an hour or more to get your dishes out to your table.  You'll love them when you do get them though.For the entrepreneurs out there, think about putting a burger stand in the parking lot, the people waiting will make you a millionaire!  Seriously Olive Garden, just open another location in the south!
-1 star for priceHad the Porkwich, which was amazing, and messy.The mac and cheese could use more cheese flavor.Great atmosphere, great location.
I finally got around to trying this place after several people had suggseted it to me. I've come to the conclusion that ALOT of these type Buffets are basically serving the same dishes and what stands out is the things that they offer that the others dont.I arrived late for lunch around 3pm and even at that late hr the place was active with people -a good sign. The place was well lit and I was offered a nice comfortable booth where I could spread out my paper and read. I even lucked out and was sitting across from a crying baby!! lol As I said, they are basically serving the same thing as other places with the difference here being Sweet Potato French Fries, fresh breaded shrimp & Fish with cocktail & tartar sauce available. They also had peeled shrimp on ice as well as whole fried shrimp and grilled shark. Also "coconut chicken" was offered but the chicken was more breading than substinance but the sauce was very good, they even have a fresh sushi station with several types of rolls available.The desert station was pretty pedestrian with no standouts at all other than the small coconut cake squares they were offering were dry and stale which is nbd as I really wasnt there for desert.I also got to see them putting out the dinner items such as the snow crab legs and while thin, they looked good. Overall I'd have to say try this place because you cant go wrong. Of the 3 places on Sahara I still rate Buffet @ Asia #1, followed by this place and Pacific Buffet at #3.
This place is charming but I didn't totally get the hype about the food. Our drinks were very good and the interior of this place is very neat, though!
Uber pricey but worth it! Don't sit at the bar...Might not have food after blowing all your dough on delicious drinks..
Above-average sausages; great fries; solid draft beer selection.
Funky and Fun.....   Wineburgers are great..... I have tried several other bars in central phoenix that serve sandwiches and Harvey's on 16th street is tops.....  Good quality of meat, hand packed with grilled bun and pricing is very competitive..... a must try.......
I was waiting at the door recently to be the first one to get a newly released cell phone and tablet. Once they opened, the service rep was ready to assist and get my order processed. Jorge talked me through the different options but was respectful of my time. He was impressed that I had waited outside before the store had opened, so he knew I was a dedicated customer. I was able to acquire both electronics and get them operational before leaving the store. I would give this review five stars but there was one thing out of his control and I had to call T-Mobile on the phone to get fixed. I have done many cell phone activations since 2002 with T-Mobile and this was one of the smoothest.
I came here for a weekend event with a big group of friends.  I've never stayed downtown so I was a bit skeptical at first.  They have remodeled the hotel and for the price (I think it was around $40) it was a very good bargain.  The room was nice and comfy and I had a nice view of the pool.The event room where we had our dances was very spacious and very accommodating for our group.  As a matter of fact my group is coming here for a week long event this year because everyone was so happy.  They don't have a lot of restaurants to choose from but you're right on the corner of Freemont street with ton of options.  They do have Hash a Go Go and I really enjoyed dining there!  The only negative that I can think of is that they don't have a jacuzzi.  The pool is really nice but they definitely need to add a jacuzzi.  It never even occurred to me that a Las Vegas casino wouldn't have one.  Come on guys...you spent all the money remodeling and didn't put in a jacuzzi! The casino was nice and clean.  But my luck wasn't any better here than at any of the casinos on the strip.  I'm looking forward to my stay here this year and exploring Freemont street even more.
Ok, this is currently (4/13) my vote for the best burger in Phoenix. And it gets better... 1/2 price burgers all day Saturday.  Hand made patties, nice fresh buns, cooked just right.The place itself is fine, dark bar with off track betting.  Not my thing, but nothing against it... But there occasionally is a lot of yelling at the TVs.  Salads need some work, and the wings are good, ESP for 6.99 on Wednesdays.  But get the burger and skip the menu.
I like this place very much, and find it to be reasonably vegetarian-friendly. You have to know what to order, though, to get the best deal, because some things are just plain overpriced.You should definitely stop in for lunch and get the Piccola Gusto menu - it is a great deal and is plenty of food. You get to try so many awesome things, and it's possible for every component to be vegetarian! It is a way better deal than ordering any one item - they are pretty expensive.I've also been to a dinner party catered there (in the nice outdoor tent area), and they had a great antipasti platter and various pastas we could try. There were actually multiple vegetarian options, which I really appreciated.I would give this place a 5, but it would be nice if the vegetarian options experienced as much rotation/creativity as the meat ones. I love the mafaldine, but it is consistently the only veg pasta on the menu. But service, ambience, and food are all great.
Okay, let me make this review as simple as possible: Flower Child is like the trendy (and expensive) love child of Panera. You walk up and order, then seat yourself and they bring food out. So many healthy options, many vegan or vegetarian, and the wine is organic. This location is sort of loud, but great for people watching. Be prepared for you meal to be in the $15ish range.
Great ambiance. If you can't decide between dinner and a lounge this is a good compromise. You get to eat and you still feel like you spent your night somewhere lounge-y and vegas-y.I agree it's loud (and dark) but it didn't bother me much. It took a while to be seated and get our food. I expected this a bit because it is Vegas after all and this is a "cool" place but it took a bit longer than what I'd consider to be normal "hollywood buffer" standards (wow I sound kind of douchey) We had an additional minor issue w/ the food served but long story long... I was happy w/ management's response when we brought it to their attention. They had a great attitude about trying to make it right vs. arguing with us. Yes, that sounds crazy vague and bizarre but i wanted to give them points for it without going into the gritty details of our situation.Overall there's a lot to love about this place from ambiance, to drinks, to flavors of the food (all exceptional). the slowness of the kitchen, etc was very much overshadowed by the really good customer service we received. so Yay i'm a fan. and yes i'd be back.
I got to check out this place twice when I was visiting a buddy in Charlotte.  It is an awesome place for breakfast.  If people are whining about spending a few bucks on a bagel for breakfast, they need to make their own food.  A business has to make a profit.  There is a Caribou Coffee bar in the restaurant if you want something more than just a cup of a coffee from the Bruegger's side.  They make a great latte. I was boring and got the same thing twice, but it was well worth it.  I think it was the sun -dried tomato sandwich or something like that.  I put a bit of hot sauce on it and DAMN it was good!  If you want to try a good bagel sandwich, give this place a go!
(3.5) Nuit Social is a very laid back place and great spot to come and hang out with friends in an intimate setting. They specialize in tapas style dishes where everything is meant to be shared. They have sections dedicated to meats and cheeses so you can customize your own charcuterie board for a reasonable price. All in all the food is pretty good, service was great and a nice environment. Would come again, but not for dinner.
This review is focusing primarily on the catering services provided by Olive Garden.I have catered from OG numerous times to my work, and I have never been disappointed. For big group meals, OG is a great option. They have a huge selection of catering options so you are definitely always able to find something that will work for your group, whether 10 people or 100 people. We often order 1 or 2 pans of pasta, one of the big salads, and soup. They salad comes with their delicious bread sticks. Everyone can then choose what they want and have options. One thing I really like is that the pasta (most of them) comes with the sauce separately so people can decide for themselves how much they want. I personally don't like a lot of sauce when it's a red sauce, but do prefer it slathered on when it's a white sauce, so you can see how this is handy. Another huge benefit of OG is that I can place an order at 8:30AM and have it ready to be picked up by 11:15! That's awesome turn around and very uncommon in the catering world. I have had it delivered a few times (I usually just pick up as I am very close) and the delivery folks have always been on time, courteous and friendly. They set everything up very professionally and it looks great. And, they really are not very pricey when it comes to how much food you get! Overall, they are a great option and have helped me out many times when I was in a last minute pinch. Bonus - They allow you to order individual meals along with catering. A lot of places don't have this option. So if you have that ONE picky person who wants something different, they can choose a dinner meal and it will be no issue what so ever.
I do love this place. Never gone wrong with the food and the craft cocktails are incredible. The restaurant and bar are all upstairs off of Jefferson so you have a nice view of the area. At Christmas time it over looks the skating rink and Christmas tree so I receommend making reservations by the window so you can view PHX during the holidays. Over all this is one of those places that is a must try in Downtown PHX!
Good pho and Vietnamese spring rolls. I'll be sure to come back and try the sushi next time.
Stopped by to warm up with coffee and decided to try the chili and gumbo--everything was excellent! We'll definitely be back next time we're in the area.
"This is the best club sandwich I've ever had!" Says my bf. The food was very fresh and tasty. I had the California benedict: perfectly poached eggs, thick cut bacon crisp, and perfect hash browns. They did forget the avocado, but were very nice about checking the menu to be sure, and then bringing it on the side. What brought me from 5 stars to 4 was the service. The first server we had said hello, brought us drinks and then disappeared. Like, she never came back! The next server we got was friendly, cheerful, and attentive, but after eating, we waited for our check for what seemed an extra long time.
Best Indian restaurant I have found town. Authentic, FRESH, with a wide selection of home made chutneys. And all reasonably priced!
When I lived in Vegas (up until 2011), this place didn't exist.  We spotted it during our most recent Vegas trip and decided to drop in to check it out.  We were pleasantly surprised to find an awesome store full of antique booths.I wandered around browsing the booths for about 1 hour while The Better Half shopped the jewelry cabinets up front.  After 1 hour, she was still in the same area!  That says a lot about the variety of items they have.  She walked away buying several Silver pieces of Southwestern and Native American jewelry.  She then spent another 2 hrs browsing the other booths while I went next door to the casino to watch basketball.  We've added this to our rotation of Antique Stores to visit on a regular.Return Factor - 95%
The strip is so interested with every hotel a different theme. I have been to vegas 4 times and i still havent seen everything on the strip. My favorite is the south side of the strip with mgm and New York New York hotel
Came here on a weekend night around 10pm, and it was surprising quite empty. However they close at 11pm so we had to get our orders in quick. We sat by the window, which is sadly really cold as the air was seeping in. But the place looked clean, bright, modern and welcoming. We didn't have a problem ordering, I guess we knew what we wanted. However the other tables which had a lot of questions may have faced a bit of a language barrier, but the servers seemed nice. I got the kimchi fried rice with cheese. It comes piping hot in a sizzling hot pan and its smothered with cheese! The hot pan creates a nice crispy cheese crust on the edges. The side dishes were a bit sad looking though and didn't feel it was at peak freshness. The cheese is a lot and fills you up fast, so I eve had some leftovers to take home.They had a lot of variety on their menu, so if im ever in the area I'd probably come back and try some of their other things.
Subway, smubway. Sub Station II wins in my book.Nothing fancy here. Just a small shop that cranks out delicious sandwiches. There's usually a line, but the wait is never long. Pressed for time? Call in your order and pick up. You'll be in and out in five minutes.Most of the small sandwiches you can get for around five bucks. They have a sandwich for everyone. I usually get a small #10 (turkey and cheese), all the way, add mayo and jalapenos. Sometimes I get crazy and go for the #13 (ham, salami, pepperoni). They do not skimp on the meat. The veggies and bread are always fresh.Sandwiches not your thing? SSII does salads as well. Heads up: make sure the person at the slicer gets your ticket. I see so many people who forget and then can't figure out why it's taking so long to get their food.
I would love to give this place 5 stars if I was rating on the food and customer service only!  However, as a business sometimes what patrons you brings you down as well. Let's start with the chicken; it is really, really good.  What is better than the chicken; the bread!  Anyone who has eaten here knows the bread is killer.  The sauce, yep, don't forget about the sauce it to is killer, and will draw you back for more. The customer service is outstanding. The young kid with the "poofy" ( I mean that in a nice way) who brings out the food is a sweetie.  The counter girls are also very efficient, even though it is so busy in there. Now, the chaos!  The patrons!  This place is super busy during mid day and there were a group of rude, loud, obnoxious girls in BIKINIS eating while all the mothers inside were trying to distract their kids from noticing.  One of these scantly clad divas came up to my table while my son was alone, and just grabbed a chair.  No asking, no excuse me, no nothing.  Fortunately, for me and her I only needed 3 and not 4 chairs. I didn't want to have to embarrass my kids with a scene. I have since gone to the Henderson location and it is just as lovely minus the Divas!Love Raising Cane's.....
Just had AccuTemp move and then reinstall our two a/c units. We needed the units moved to make room for dig equipment to have a backyard pool built.  Several months passed between the first time I called and when we finally had the work done. Rates had gone up due to it now being peak summer season, but AccuTemp met us in the middle of the off-peak/peak rates, which was professional of them and really appreciated by us!  They carefully moved the a/c's out of the way, then a few days later moved them back into place. After the bobcat came through the yard was really torn up; but the AccuTemp guys just borrowed our shovel and re-leveled the ground where the units needed to go. They didn't even complain about it, even though I'm guessing that's not usually part of a/c installation. The process was a pain in the behind, but AccuTemp made their part of it easy. Highly recommend this company and will use them for our future a/c needs.
Really good place! I'm glad other people talked about the parking situation or I never would've found it.They have different specials every night... I went last night so it was margarita Monday and the margs were four dollars off (so $5 instead of $9). We got the guacamole and it was very tasty. The "I'll have what she's having "tacos were very good as well.
Clean and get u in a room pretty quick but then u have to wait... I realise its easter weekend and im glad we aren't at the er
I'm a big fan of self-serve yogurt places & Yogurtland is one of my favorites. The peanut butter & cookies and cream frozen yogurt are two of the ones I get pretty much every time & the guava sorbet is delicious ... hopefully a flavor that will be permanently added to the rotation! I have to give this place minus one star because although the frozen yogurt is good, I've found that some of their fruit toppings aren't fresh & there are other yogurt places that offer a larger variety. Get their mobile app to get offers such as 3oz frozen yogurt free or check in on yelp for a discount!
A friend told me about this place. I've never had ice cream rolled up. It's really cool how they create an interesting dish out of ice cream. It's reasonably priced and they have great customer service.
I have played Bear Creek many times the past 10 years...they have always had a friendly enough staff and, now, apparently a new greenskeeper from the past year or so...don't really know, has sharpened the venue quite well.  As an avid golfer, I can say the course has never been better.  One of the gents at the course explained they use a four seed variant for their fairways and they yield an excellent blend of playablity and 'roll'.  They were top notch for certain.  The greens have always been an issue for me, until now!  They rivaled those of a Whirlwind or Ocotillo with just a touch less speed.  Very nice indeed!!  I'd give if a '5' but don't care for the lack of water stations along the course.  When I'm ready for a drink..well, you get the idea!  Ready to play again.
Great massage with good pressure.  Not in a very nice neighborhood kind of ghetto but the massage was excellent
Great food. Nice place and a couple decent drafts on tap. Really it's all about the food but the atmosphere is fun and the bar is nice and long. Looks like a lot of attention to the details and the food really is worth it. Tapioca is great, and sandwiches are terrific.
Shamrock Burger is an eastern Scarborough institution. It's one of those places where they serve fries which actually have potatoes in it, burgers which actually have meat in them. The food is pretty hearty, the people are usually pretty nice. It's fairly simple food, made well. Proving, sometimes simple is good.
Catfish and steak fries were on point a lot smokey but definitely worth the trip my wife and daughter loved there cheeseburgers definitely will be back and we got wings to go
I met a friend here last week, and I flipped for the delish chips and salsa. The tacos were good...but cold. The tacos are cold at the Lakewood location, too. Odd.
The show was fun. The dancers are amazing and the performers are full of energy. Not all of the characters are spot on but the show was still great. Some of the Queens we met after were a little snarky but most of the cast were very gracious.
I visited Cenacolo again. It has been a while since I was there. I was happily impressed by the food the service and now they offer wine but you can also bring your own bottle. The have added many tables and they seem to be a happening place. Kudos to them! I would like them to have a little back ground music, to me this always helps when you have tables so close to each other.  They have set some lower ceiling to the area with higher ceilings,  which was loud before. This has improved much the noise. Last time I was not able to hear well our own conversation. Overall I would recommend the place for their food originality and good service.
This was a wonderful dining experience all together. Service was fast and polite. The food was great! I chose a sausage with mashed potatoes and prunes as my main course and was thrilled at both the large potions as well as the taste. The sausage was fluffier than any omelet I've ever had and a delightful surprise. The potatoes and prunes were a nice heavy side to balance out the dish. The thin crispy fries were great and came in large portions. We started the meal with some oysters which really got us excited for our main dishes.Every dish I saw waiters carrying around looked amazing. Going on appearance alone, next time I'm going to try the roasted chicken.
Port City Club is a great place to unwind. They have a nice view of the lake (though it's a bit crowded by all the docked boats) and a lovely beachside area where you can relax. As a Charlottean, the crowd is definitely older than what I'm used to, but it's kind of a nice change of pace. The decor is a bit outdated but it really does feel like a club.The drinks aren't too pricey. I highly recommend getting there early, adding your name to the inevitably long list, and posting up on the couches outside while you wait for a table. The food was decent. The four stars are definitely more for the location than the food. The zucchini chips are clearly one of their most popular items and they were delicious, albeit a bit salty. I then had the Greek salad which was sub-par. The feta came in a solid block (why?) and wasn't super high quality. As a vegetarian, they don't have a TON of options for me, but just enough.
Great for Happy Hour, love the deals on half off wine and fries. Summer deal includes certain burgers as well but the portions are still great.Our favorites are the green chilie fries and blue boy burgers....favorite shake is the salt and caramel. Good crew and accommodating staff. Just a little annoying that the bathroom is outside and there is a wait if you don't get there early enough.
Love this store! This is a massive store with a good layout and a nice women's and shel department. I usually come here to buy my shoes, since they have such a good selection. If I order anything online and have to return it, it's always a seamless process bringing it here for my refund. I always receive great customer service, although at times it takes a while to get someone to help me in the shoe department. It's usually cause they are busy there, but aside from that I enjoy my shopping experience here! Plus if you have the Nordstrom card you can accumulate Nordstrom notes for future purchases, which is fantastic.
Looking from the outside the sign just says "Cleaners" in a little shopping center at the corner of Providence Road West and Lancaster Highway. I was in search of a nearby dry cleaners with good service and prices because I was feeling especially "adult" that afternoon and decided to have creases in my work pants and pressed dress shirts. The dress can be a little pricey when compared to everything else. Around $9 to dry clean a dress, but around $4 for shirts, and less than $2 to press a shirt with starch. The service is very nice, and they have a pretty quick turnaround. I dropped off 7 shirts and a dress on a Friday and received them back on Tuesday. They were also able to get out some stains on things I were afraid were unsalvageable.
Staff was friendly, food took a while to come out but it was worth the wait. I had the Nuttela crepes and a skillet
Ordered 'Brunch Sucre' and it definitely lived up to its name - crepes topped with sweet fruit sauce and berries, along with greek yoghurt and granola. Big servings, I couldn't finish.
I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.      *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only)     *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!    *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)    *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends onlyThe only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).
One of the hardest tables to book in Toronto and for a good reason. The menu is very limited but it's all about quality here. The rustic space is very welcoming and the service adds the cherry on top. I had a cocktail with Green Chartreuse and olive oil which was very unique and interesting at the same time. For appetizers, we shared the seared squid (with tarragon salsa verde) and the famous burrata dish which was creamy in texture. I did not really care for the roasted grapes and they did not enhance the overall experience whatsoever. For mains, we had the celeriac agnolotti which was amazing. They lost a star due to dessert (salted caramel budino with chocolate meringue) which was mediocre. Will definitely come back to try out their summer menu when it's out.
Good food, inexpensive, super nice people working there. Did it blow me away? Sadly no, but still worth a stop
Salad was good . Fresh . Only one scoop of each tho so if you want extra protein etc . Is extra . Was able to feed four for only around 60 bucks not too bad . I like this place wish there was one in Vegas .
Always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. Luigi's may become my near West side place to go when I am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad.Lunch special - ANY pizza at 6 inch size with ANY small salad for $8.99. That is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.I chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. Crust was thin and perfect really. (fyi- I am super picky about pizza crust.) Sausage was tasty. The salad was BIG for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts and fresh goat cheese.While a 6 in. pizza would not satisfy my husband - for me it is exactly right for lunch.Service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.Tables have paper covers and crayons- fun!They were offering some fresh fruit Sangrias - which sounded awesome - must go back and try those!
This is one of our go-to spots for a night out with the kids. The food and service are always dependable. This is the best Max and Erma's I've been to in PIttsburgh. Good quality American food, and free cookies on wednesday nights. Oh, and it's almost never too busy on the weekend. Great place for kids.
Dr. Grade delivered both of my children via c-section.  The first one was an emergency c-section in the middle of the night and she arrived so quick! The second one was a planned c-section because I chose not to risk any complications.  We always enjoyed seeing Dr. Grade and trusted her decisions. Her nurse, Diselle, is a real sweetheart too. The only downfall was a long wait time for visits. We referred a few of our friends here, and they both complained about long wait times.  We usually scheduled our appointments first thing in the morning which helped getting us in and out quicker. If you can schedule ahead of time and get them as early as possible you are better off. I would still recommend Dr. Grade, and we're happy she was our doctor.
Spent the weekend here and we heard that it was a great new boutique hotel but to be aware that it could get really loud because of all the college kids who frequent it.  It was a very nice place and a great location.  We asked for a quiet room and were put on the top floor.  We had no noise issues.  It wouldn't be my first choice but I would stay there again.
I am rating this for eat in only. The pizza was awesome!! The loaded fries not so much, it was a very small serving and just bland. We had plenty of drink refills and ate downstairs during a planned event. I gave it a 4 based on the fact that one menu item was great and the other not. I would like to try it again but skipping the fries.
Hand made noddles, and you can watch them make them!This place seemed pretty authentic and the wait was not even 20 minutes for 4 people. You order by circling what you want on the menu. I got the braised beef noodle soup. Big portion, noddles were great, but beef seemed fatty, and I wish there were more vegetables. You can order a side though and they seemed huge. I've never had soup dumplings and they had it here so we placed an order but we got something that I wasn't expecting, but it was so good! We ordered wrong and got the pork and vegetable potstickers. All the dumplings were together in 1 which was kind of a pain. Food came out really fast. They had a few vegetarian/ vegan options but our vegan friend was not impressed. Friendly service.
Great little spot.. I hate the location.. I feel like it is in the middle of nowhere and very much a "destination location" as nothing else is around... but I understand that is the "Maltese" part of Toronto so I get it!  I just wish they would move south to Bloor!! :)  Pastizzi is great, I have been coming here for years with my dad and grandparents so it is very much a nostalgic experience to say the least.  I also wish they would have more rice in the oven or pasta in the oven readily available.. I feel like if they moved to an area where there is a lot more foot traffic they would flourish & be able to have these types of dishes ready as they would probably be busier and no food would go to waste!  Not that it isn't successful.. I know it is!  I also wish they took debit... no one carries cash anymore!!   I know this may sound like a negative review its really not.. I love this place the food is great & the staff are amazing... I just am not a fan of the location & the fact they don't take debit!
We were looking for a spot to grab tea/ coffee and a quick snack while looking to kill time on a rainy afternoon. The cookie was delicious and the pastries were tasty. Nice big windows and the building is quite nice. Not very comfortable stools, but fashionable!
Really like this place BUT IF i choose to gamble since you have machines at your bar..i should get COMPED a drink for evey $20 i put in ,..like every other bar/casino in your area...bartender tried to charge me..& gave me 1 free drink "because i didnt know" so i gambled up to my oringinal $20 & cashed out...YOU would of made ALOT more money off of me IF you  comp your drinks to those that wish to gamble..."hello this is Vegas" lol
Had lunch here after a hike.  The menu looked great.  Very limited (maybe 20 items) but all sounded and looked amazing.  Tried the sausage wrapped pancakes, I think that's what it was called.  AWESOME!  Had the breakfast burrito , you build your self, really good also.  Perfect for after a morning hike!
This was my first time here with one of my friend here. We were truly amazed at how authentic the food was. Do yourself a favor and get the grape leaves! Excellent option for just a meal! We could not stop raving about how fantastic they were! The gyros are fantastic as well, and the baklava is phenomenal, I say this because I don't even like sweets. I took a little bite of the one that I got to go, and nearly lost my mind. It should really be a crime to make something that good! I have def found a new local favorite spot in CLT. I will def be frequenting this place weekly!
I love ordering the gumbo here to start off.. then my boyfriend and I order 1 lbs of shrimp trifecta hot with Sausage and a side of rice along with 1 lbs of crab trifecta hot with corn on the cob.. the food is always good and we always get seated fast and service has always been good the couple of times we've been do this location..
While enjoying a nice run along both sides of the river, I passed through this park.  It's definitely a nice place for a run (not hemmed in by prisons and highways like the path on the other side).The paths are wide and there are benches and sculptures to sit on and see, respectively.  During my afternoon run I saw a lot of people walking their dogs and enjoying the views of the river.  It looks like they are still doing some work on it and some parts of the path were not as even as I would like, but they really did a nice job here.
Food was great. Server was very accommodating to my wife's needs. A bit pricey but it is Scottsdale and a bit loud on the patio but they do have indoor setting that was not as crowded.
I wasn't expecting much.  My husband and I purchased a groupon before visiting Vegas last weekend.  I must say that the service was EXCELLENT.  Our waitress was attentive and knowledgable, she smiled often and check on us to make sure were were doing ok without being overly annoying.  We sat near the main bar and the music played loudly and the bartender was entertaining to watch.Overall, it was a good experience.  Our food was great, and you can't beat the price w/ the groupon.  We would consider returning if in the area.
My car buying experience was great. I have dreaded the process for over a year. Christina could share her knowledge without making you feel like an idiot. Definitely will do business again. The fifth star comes after I deal with the service area ;-) Thank you!
Their commercials got me in the door but their customer service, knowledge and wonderful staff has me going back for my surgery.  Everyone I spoke with was very knowledgeable; they explained everything about the procedure and even offered financing.  Very clean, very friendly, can't wait to get my vision corrected.
We dined here for our 30 year anniversary, and everyone from the hostess to the busboy wished us happy anniversary. There were rose petals on the table. Server was very accommodating, as you would expect a restaurant with $35 entrees. everything was quite excellent, from the perfectly seared scallops to the steak and shrimp with au gratin potatoes.  they brought us a lovely anniversary creme brulee dessert. I would highly recommend Ocean Prime as a special occasion restaurant.
Great place for a Sushi fix.  I always get the 3 combination plate.  With this you can pick from several items.  My favorites are beef teriyaki, spicy tuna rolls, and tempura.With this plate you also get Mi so soup and a small salad.  A bowl of white rice is also included with the meal as well.  They also offer specialty sushi plates, but can get add up if you really want plates of sushi.Another great offer is the happy hour Sunday-Thursday, 11am to 7pm.  You can get a bucket of bud, Bud light, Kirin, or Kirin light for $10.  Its 5 beers so 2 bucks a pop is not bad.  Overall a great place to enjoy sushi and unwind with family and friends.
This place really reminds me of Wurskutche in LA. Their sausages were delicious and very well made. There's a lot of space so if you plan to be there for a while you can expect to find a seat there. ENJOY!
My boyfriend and I were so excited for this restaurant to open because it's so close to his house! We have been here three different times and were happy each time. I suggest going on Wednesdays for wing night! Their wings are great! We also enjoyed the pizza, the crust is awesome. The meatballs and Cuban sandwich were just okay...which is why I chose 4 stars rather than 5. They also have a great beer selection!
Updating my review since I've tried more items on their menu. The Big Buford is still my favorite, but it's inconsistent but always enjoyable regardless. Tonight I ordered 1 checker burger which was decent and a chili cheese dog that I enjoyed add well be ordering again. I also decided to try their chicken sandwich and it was good! The total came out to $6.02 with an apple pie thrown in, I thought that the price was really really really good for the amount of enjoyable food and great customer service I received.
I eat here entirely too often, but I can't help myself. I live in the neighbourhood and have brought many friends for dinner (easy converts). There are a handful of vegetarian options but the more popular dishes are mostly meaty. I'm a vegetarian and generally stick with the cheese (panela) or vegan (avocado) burrito. The staff are all super friendly and are quick to offer recommendations to those who just can't decide. It get's busy on weekends to make a reservation in advance or go during the week (they have drink specials on some weekdays)Be smart, order the guacamole. You won't regret it. Oh, and if you have room for dessert try the chocolate molten lava cake thing (don't recall the specific name) it's ridiculous.
We stayed at the Marriot and strolled down for Dinner before a concert. The Nachos were great. I had the fish tacos, which were an A+ and my daughter had the NY strip, which was fantastic. The Chef delivered all our dishes. Great place!
I really like Canal Street.  As tourists, we went here many times.  As residents, we've only been here once in the last 11 years.  It was time to go back and see if it was as good as always and it was.The bread basket consisted of a couple of pieces of tasty lavash and two rolls, one a walnut and raisin and the other I don't know because I didn't want to fill up on bread.  The butter comes with a piece of processed cheese spread with grapes and cranberries.  Very tasty!I started with a house salad that comes with all entrées.  It's built almost like a small Cobb salad with greens in the middle and small mounds of diced tomato, bleu cheese, candied walnuts, hearts of palm, cucumber, and hard boiled egg around the perimeter.  I got bleu cheese dressing and the salad was very good.My main course was the 8 ounce filet done black and blue.  With the steak came some summer vegetables cooked very little.  They were crispy and they were good!  I ordered a salted baked potato as a side.  My steak was done perfectly and the baked potato with that rich salt was very, very good.For dessert, I got the Canal Street bread pudding with blueberries and a Bourbon whiskey vanilla sauce.  The bread pudding was different.   Not only was there the vanilla sauce, but the bread had a distinct chocolate infusion and there was chocolate sauce along with the vanilla.  Excellent.Service was very good.  Iced tea was refilled without asking, finished dishes were removed promptly, and there was adequate time between courses to relax and enjoy the surroundings.  I wasn't rushed nor was service slow.I like the room.  It has a New Orleans theme with one side being a mural.  In about an hour's time, the lights on the mural slowly dim and the fluorescent paint starts to glow with the blue lights and it looks like the lights in the mansion along the river or on the paddle wheel boat were turned on.  Then the lights slowly pick up and eventually it's daytime again.  I've always liked that ambiance and it was there again last night.
First time ordering from here. Good food even if the sweet and sour pork was a bit over done. Portions for dinner combos look more like lunch portions compared to other chinese take outs. Food was warm, not hot. Egg rolls, fried wonton and crab ragoon were really good. Will order from here again.
Came here on a recommendation that the food was awesome here. The beer on tap was just a plus. I got a burger and a beer here. Food was good. Beer was okay. But the thing that had got me was the service. Maybe it was the time that I came in and don't get me wrong, the people working were definitely friendly but just not around when we needed something.  It was fairly busy around the bar but empty in the table area and people gradually left when eventually no one was in the bar. But  no one really came around to fill up our water or get another beer and whenever I tried waving someone down they would be to busy rushing back and forth between an area. Probably just a fluke but I do give it 4 stars and  I do recommend trying it.
This place was delicious except for the 2 inch breading on the fried chicken. We ordered the fried chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and collard greens. For appetizers we ordered chicken skins, shaved cat fish and biscuits with apple butter. The appetizers were great, the shaved catfish dish was small catfish pieces served over a bed of fries with a relish on top and paired with hot sauce and hot sauce aioli. The chicken skins were nice and crispy served with a honey butter sauce that added a nice sweet aftertaste. For the entree we ordered a 3 piece fried chicken dinner. The chicken was moist and cooked perfect but as I stated earlier the breading was a bit much. It's definitely doubled battered before frying because the breading was so thick but the seasoning and taste was on point. The best part of the whole meal was the dessert, we ordered the can donut with salted caramel sauce. This was So delicious I wanted to order a take home box of it. The caramel sauce paired perfect with the dough and it was still crispy covered with the sauce. I will definitely be back and will recommend this place to anyone!
I was pleased and surprised at how well the car wash did the job.  Though it did a better job on the wheels on one side than the other...
The food has great presentation... that's always a plus. The tacos were very delicious, the pasta was okay not out of this world. We also ordered some oyster and those came with a bomb salsa. I will definitely be back. Not the mention it's a 2 min drive that always helps.
We had been to a similar place in California that we absolutely love and we're excited to hear about Crave. It definitely met our expectations. Great food, the smores waffle is my favorite! Only downside is it does take a while for them to bring out the food, but that just means it's fresh right? Will definitely be returning over and over again.
Love the Korean BBq with Yellow Rice (but I think it's a Java Rice) it is perfect. They don't have a lot of selection on their Menu but every day they have some specials you just have to ask.  The good thing about it all their food are not frozen, they cooked it the same day you order and it's a family-owned business so Food tastes like Home-cooked. Lutong Bahay-sabi nila paglutong bahay  kumple- tos rekados.
We really enjoyed our trip to Mango's this past Sunday! The space was well decorated and there was a lively atmosphere, despite it not being very busy following a big Panthers loss. Our group was promptly seated and offered menus. We selected drinks, including red and white Sangria on special ($5) and cocktails (~$10). The drinks were good, but a little on the sweet side. We also got chips and salsa, and the chips were fresh and crisp and served in a cute cigar box. We then ordered entrees including jerk chicken tacos, jerk chicken nachos, chicken empanadas and curry goat. The main reason for the non-five star review was the fact that the food came out at all different times. The food itself was very flavorful, with the a little bit of heat. Portion sizes were decent for the price, though not large enough for leftovers (I wish! The goat had great flavor and was tender). The only issue was there were quite a bit of bone pieces mixed in with the meat. The best part of the meal was the service! Our waitress was extremely friendly and accommodating, despite the challenges some of our party threw her way.  We'd definitely be going back soon. Hope word spreads about this place!
MMMmmMMmmmm.. It's Yogurt.. so it's gotta be good for you right??  Am I right??Haven't been since the fall, and love the additional options to what was already a decent selection.If you don't like frozen yogurt, you ain't no friend of mine.
This place is sometimes inconsistent, but always good tasty food! Would recommend the Madras chicken and the biryani. You could ask them to make the chicken dishes boneless too.
This place is a sports bar so there's not really much to report on here.  The wings are excellent and so are the tacos. The quality of service here changes like the seasons. Some days it's hot and some days it's cold.
Not sure if I saw anything related to a 'bakery' but definitely this place serves great authentic tacos like the ones you would get from a taco truck. I had both the chicken and carnitas tacos - actually went with the 4 tacos, beans, rice and soda special for $5.00. What a deal! I'd take this over a $5 footlong anyday.A sign says 'best nachos' in Las Vegas. Not sure I would go that far but can definitely agree the carne asada nachos were good and for the price $6.75, can be split between 2 people.Interesting decor and wooden tables inside, 'hole in the wall' strip mall atmosphere. Would definitely return for more tacos!
I bought a groupon for this spa and loved it ! i didn't have to wait long to get an app. and they are open late enough that i could go after work. The lady was professional and friendly. I even feel asleep at point, definitively will go back .
Très bon repas pour la famille. Un peu cher mais très savoureux! On est arrivé à l'après-midi sans aucune réservation, le restaurant était presque vide. Bon service.
Clean, nicely decorated pizza place. The Margherita is simple and delicious. Ingredients look fresh and the service is friendly. Every time I go it's in the late afternoon so the place is pretty empty and the service is fast.  I would like to try the bruschetta... have only tried the pizza so far.
I've been to this location a few times since moving closer to inner city. After having not-so-good service at the 16th Ave location in North Hill Shopping Centre I've decided to make the drive to this Sunridge one instead. I've not come across any terrible service, but mind you I come mid week during lunch hours when it isn't too busy. I've been having a French toast craving and I like the strawberries and whipped cream topping add on. Their kids menu has a great selection and comes with a free kids drink. Food is good enough for me to keep coming back.
Love the decor, service, food and drinks! This is great little spot for a date night or small group of friends. It's got a a very intimate feel.  We started out with one of their signature cocktails. A little on the small side for $10 but very good.  We moved on to Oysters, tuna tartar, and beef carpaccio. The oysters came with two different dipping sauces that were lighter than a cocktail sauce but big on flavor. That mixed with fresh squeezed lemon and the oysters tasted superb!  The tuna tartar was served with delish waffle fries that were lightly sprinkled with a red pepper. Last we had the beef carpaccio. It was served with these amazing seaweed crisps, arugula, and cherry tomatoes with fresh ground pepper and a drizzle of olive oil( I think, at least that was the base for whatever was drizzled on there...good none the less) I was full and happy when we finished.  The service was great as well.   :
Took my 5 year olds here and we had a blast.  One hour is more than enough ass we were all exhausted after 30 minutes.  Wish there was food options here other than that great place for kids to beat the heat and go nuts!
We came here for a late lunch on Saturday. We were pleasantly surprised by how quick and efficient the service was. The marinated kalbi was perfect and the portions were decently generous. The only issue was the side dishes, which I didn't think were great. Most of the pickled items seemed a little dry, and the overall selection/variety of the banchan was mediocre. I guess I'm used to Korea, where the side dishes are as important as part of the meal. I was also not impressed with the chicken karaage which they used chicken breast for (made it dry).
I have to say, this may be my favorite wood fired pizza in central Phoenix. I'll have to try Spasso's pizza a few more times to confirm that my infatuation was not the result of a long week, my chemical composition on that particular day, or the peace of a cold beer, but if future experiences are anything like my first, I am a fan! The house made mozzarella appetizer is ok. The steak (that my boyfriend ate) was fine. The real star here is the pizza, which had a perfectly chewy crust and the meat combination completed a perfect blend of cheesy saltiness. The owner was a little overly chatty, but at the same time, how can I blame him when clearly this restaurant is his pet project. The service was GREAT...I don't think our water glasses were ever empty. I have to admit, a small part of my enthusiasm is probably because this restaurant is in Town & Country Mall, which is a terribly under appreciated piece of real estate...I'd love to see this good, family-owned restaurant survive.
Don't let the outside fool you folks! The food here is delicious. Ok do for the breakdown....Decore: meh.. (most Asian restaurants though fall into this category) I go for the food, not ambiance Service: Excellent Food: tasty! I actually have not had the pho. Every time I come I always end up with the Bun bo hue soup. The spicy ness of the soup is perfect, so flavorful and the amount of protein seems endless! I have also had the spring rolls, good and the veggies are fresh. Someday I will move past the Bun bo hue and try the pho, which I assume will be equally as tasty. Give this place a go!
This place never gets old, came here probably around 10 times in the past several years. This place has always been one of the best original spots for KFC (Korean Fried Chicken). HOHT never disappoints. My usual top picks when ordering are:  -blazing fire chicken- sweet and sour wings- boneless fried chicken with green onionAll dishes are really tasty. Tastes even better when you get flavored soju as well. Most of the time this place is pretty consistent with their breading and taste, maybe I have encountered one or two times that there was too much breading but overall it was ok. One of my go to places whenever craving for some KFC
I saw some of the reviews on here and I was expecting something terrible but it went great with the Keith Urban concert. The concessions are way overpriced but you go anywhere like this and the concessions will be through the roof. I give it a great rating as the parking was awesome, the sound was great and the traffic wasnt too bad. The only reason why it wasnt 5 stars was because the security was awful with letting the drunks really take over at some points in the midway
I bought a new used. TI7000XLT and use at NASCAR. Here in North Texas Lake Texoma got From 617.4 to 645.76 and flooded my building and my tahoe remote start clickers. Does any one know where I can get new clickers. Help
I like this place. Small restaurant with a bar (which is a plus, lol). Great lunch spot. The waitress helped and explained everything that I has question for. The food was yummy! I had the veggie pho soup my first have it. The flavor was really good. The tofu was lightly fried just wish is was a more. They had two TV's by each bar. We got our food fast
An excellent little restaurant.I had the salmon tartare, the calamari and a soup. For dessert, I had a strawberry pouding chomeur.Everything was delicious. The service was impeccable. The only thing is that they have some things on menu that I don't eat, so I am limited in my choices (ex: blood sausage, game...) But their salmon tartare is so so so amazing that it will have me coming back as a regular for sure.
I just moved back to AZ from LA and I've been dying for some GOOD pho. There are not many places here like there are in LA and when I found this place I was super excited because it was nice, not dingy, and looked clean and well kept. I got chicken pho and it was very fresh and delicious! I can't wait to show my boyfriend  my new find ;) he loves pho too! I will be back soon!
I came to Buca with some co-workers for a job well done celebration. I'm not a real fan of chain Italian restaurants, but Buca is different with the atmosphere, being able to handle large parties, and if course family-style dining. We were seated in the Pope room which is fun but little freaky. Pictures of the Pope all over with a head of the Pope on the middle of the table and the Pope chair. Strange but cool having the Pope watch you eat. We started off by having the Mozzarella Garlic bread which was really good, the Chopped Antipasto salad, and the Apple Gorgonzola salad. The salads were pretty good not great but I thought it had a little too much vinegar for my liking. We had the Margherita pizza with fresh mozzarella which I thought was very good, Chianti Braised Short Ribs where they gave us three huge ribs that were boneless and covered in gravy which was very tender and very good. We couldn't have ribs without Rosemary Potatoes (meat & potatoes kind of guy) and they were really tasty and cooked perfectly. To top it off we had the Macaroni Rosa that had macaroni (of course) with a creamy sauce and chicken, broccoli and peas. It was really good. We ate it all up and had very little leftovers so that tells you the food was pretty good. No one seemed to be holding back. We can't forget about desert so we had the Dolce Platter which included Tiramisu, Double Dark Chocolate cake, Cheese cake, and Apple Crostata. The deserts were fantastic. Really good and everyone enjoyed it. The service was right on. Filling up our water glasses, beer, wine, ice tea, and soft drinks. Food came out in a timely manner too. So I have no complaints about the service. So overall, I had a very good meal with lots of variety of food and massive amounts to fill up everyone. Coming here is about having a fun time and good Italian food. So enjoy, eat up but don't forget to unbuckle that belt after you eat all that food.
Wow! This place has changed! I used to work at the Scottsdale Air park and would pop into H&M a few times a week at lunch. Then there were only a few stores goin on. But now! There are all kinds of placed to shop eat and be entertained. We went tot he Yelp event at SOL Cocina last night, great new place. They just opened and I cant wait to go back again! Great tacos, and lots of tequila. They even have a yummy Skinny Margarita.Brio has a great lunch!Stingray has some fabulous sushi! They has these great specialty rolls that you cant find anywhere else. I cant remember the names but there is one with pico shrimp and this yummy creme, gotta try it!True Food is awesome! Their Spaghetti Squash Casserole is out of this world. They even have these great organic liqueurs that you can put in your cocktails. They shopping is great too, Express, GAP, H&M, Nike and tons more. They even did a great job with the parking, two garages and lots of street parking.
First visit with car.  Had oil change done.  They did the normal checking of all fluids with suggestion of additional service.  I declined and no additional push to get the extra work done.  I like that.  Not too long of wait to complete oil change.  Price was OK.  I am willing to pay as long as the work is done well.  I am going to use them again.  I hope this is a repair place that I can return to and trust.
For fast casual this place is amazing.  This is what I call My way, right away. Pick your sauce, pick your pasta, pick you meat. They are crazy croweded during the week but they have their system down pat to get you what you want fast. I've had several different pastas and everything is always cooked perfectly right in front of me. The only thing I dont like is carrying a tray. I feel like I am back in highschool and bound to drop it and my food all over the place.
Tried the Pizza by the slice counter on our first night here at resort, best pizza I've had in a very long time and I'm from Chicago, so believe me, I know my pizza! Decided to try the actual restaurant for dinner tonight. Ordered Cesar salad for dinner, not very tastey, not enough dressing in salad, but croutons were delicious. Overall, I would recommend that everyone gives these guys a try.
This place should really decide whether or not it wants to be an Outback Steakhouse or a premium steak house as advertised.  First things first, the service here was top notch from everyone from the hostess the busers, the waiter and the manager.  They were attentive without  being annoying, fast, and pleasant to deal with.In regards to the food, the wife and I shared an appetizer of shrimp and cheesy grits which were both cooked and season perfectly.  For the main dish I had their signature dry aged steak and my wife had the fillet.  Both steaks were cooked to our request and tasted great.  The wife's fillet was so tender that it almost melted in your mouth.Here is the con.  The resturant advertised itself as high end charging premium prices.  Their website stated that the dress was business casual.  When I pay 195 bucks for two people to eat I expect great food, great service, and great atmosphere.  And the last thing is the reason I can't give it five stars.  I have nothing against tee shirts and cargo shorts, in fact that's how I dress normally...just not when I go to a place with a dress code.  They allowed guest to come in wearing torn t-shirts and baseball caps and people that were so drunk they couldn't stand without assistance.  I'm all good with that...if I'm eating at an outback steak house.
I would post a picture, but my sandwich is already gone... Pros: Healthy, fresh, delicious, good variety, SOURDOUGH BREAD Cons: Gets busy for lunch (which can also be seen as a good thing!) with a bit of a wait (prevent this by calling your order in) and it's small.But for the food they put out, you'd never guess it. I ordered the Alaskan (smoked salmon, cream cheese, cucumber, red onion, fresh dill, lemon juice, arugula, vinaigrette and salt and pepper on sourdough) and it was a delight. The arugula and fresh dill added a light herbaceous note that I didn't expect from a sandwich, let alone one with cream cheese. So good. Also, their sourdough is phenomenal. I just want to buy a loaf and eat it all day. Great addition to the lunch scene for St. Clair/Superior and Asia Town.
While I do agree with most of the negative comments and the reasons given for them by the first three reviewers, both my wife and I found Showstoppers, while clearly flawed in some respects, to be very entertaining, energetic, happy presentation, and I'd recommend it to anyone who is fond of musical theatre.  We left "singing and dancing," so to speak, and isn't that what how you want to feel when you leave a Broadway musical?That said, the show could clearly benefit from some serious "tweaking," and my criticisms largely echo those of the other reviewers.It clearly is too short.  My wife and I both predicted that the closing number would be from A Chorus Line, which it basically was, ignoring "There's No Business Like Show Business."  Yet, when it ended and the cast took their perfunctory bows, I found it difficult to accept that this was "all that there is," and they weren't going to come out again for one more "wow" number.  We left kind of scratching our heads.The show needs a good emcee.  Steve--shut your mouth, get out of the way, and get someone who can move the show from one song to the next smoothly.  YOU ARE NOT THE SHOW.  WE DON'T SHARE YOUR INTEREST IN YOURSELF.Everyone has their own favorite numbers, but some of the selections, given other possibilities, seemed strange.  Could have done without the number from Damn Yankees as well as the opening number, which was too obscure for me.Agree that during the "have to set up the stage for the next big number" it would have been terrific to have he show slow down a bit with perhaps someone performing "Memories" from Cats, or some other Andrew Lloyd Weber song--there are so many of them, and this would get the audience relaxed and ready for the next razzle-dazzle  number. The cast was terrific, in my opinion.  They have talent, have clearly worked so very hard, and it shows.  They deserve to have Steve step back and let someone more experienced in musical theatre take over.  Why not include the big number from Mame?  Not sure what is required to get authorization to do any particular number, etc., but there is no doubt, in my mind, that some substitutions would make for a much better show.I hope Showstoppers makes it.  I'd go to see it again if it were tweaked.  Hell--you could change the show every couple of months if you had enough numbers prepared, etc.  Wouldn't that be something?
Best Patio! Great Food! Cold Beer. All the best Sports.
Location: Let me think.... oh yes - on Fairmount! Street parking is present but rarely available, and most streets in the area are residential. Use transit or walk, or show up very early on a Sunday morning - you'll be able to park on St. Laurent for free until 1 p.m. The place: The only reason you come here is to buy bagels - that's it, that's all. It's very small and there's no lingering - know what you want before you walk in, buy it, and get the hell out. K? K.The goods: The battle for best Montreal bagel is between hear guys and St. Viateur. I used to be a hardcore St. V girl but at some point in the last couple of years, they changed their recipe and their bagels have more of a bread texture. SO.... I converted to Fairmount. You can't go wrong here - their bagels are bloody good. Can't make it here on the regular? Buy a dozen and stick half in the freezer.Service: All I do is pick up bagels so..... nothing bad to say!Price point: A little spendy at around $9 for a dozen but well worth it when you're walking out of there with 12 hot bagels.
Being from the midwest, I'd been looking for a place that served Chicago-style deep dish pizza and Yelp helped me locate this place (which just happened to only be about 2 miles from where I live). Vito's was really good! As it was just me, I had lots of leftovers and they reheated well in the microwave and I think may have even tasted better the 2nd day. Don't let the location scare you away, give it a try.
Went for breakfast on an early Wednesday morning.  I was the first one there a few minutes after 7 am.  Super friendly and prompt service.  Comfortable and funky decor that I really liked.  Excellent coffee, and they brewed fresh decaf for me on request after 2 cups of regular.  I had the avocado omelet, which was pretty good, but I think they forgot the jalepeno cheese in it.  $10.50 tab, before tip.  I would probably go back again -- but would check out some other places in the neighborhood first.  Seems like a friendly and funky place.
I came in for a late dinner on a weekday and it was very busy! Luckily they sat our large party very quickly even though only a couple people were there.  The service was outstanding and I am fairly certain our server was the only one in the two front rooms, I frequently observed him picking up and delivering food on both rooms to the left and right of the lobby including other large parties.  We started with the mini chimi platter pretty standard as an appetizer.  For my meal I usually get the chimichanga with chicken fajita filling, seasoned pieces of chicken peppers and onions, sour cream, guacamole rice and beans.  By the time you pay $2.25 extra for the chicken fajita filling its around a $15.00 chimichanga so it's a little pricey but so good.  Tonight I decided on the Chilequiles since I had never seen it in their menu before.  It is kind of a Mexican casserole with chicken cheese sour cream and green sauce this version said it had corn chips baked in, usually it is made with corn tortillas but I thought "why not I love their chips".  Let's start with the good news it was jam packed with shredded chicken that was moist and had great flavor.  Now for the bad the chips just turned into a soggy mush and the green sauce made it feel more like a thick chicken soup than a casserole.  The rice and beans were fantastic so after finishing those and the appetizer I was okay just picking at my soup.  2.5 stars for that dish due to the chicken everyone else's food was good now I just know what I can skip next time
I'd definitely return for the ice cream, food was not awesome...but what makes it great is the small arcade in the attached room.  Perfect for my 2 and 4 year old to play fun games and no worries of them escaping or being trampled by older kids like at Peter Piper Pizza.  We'll be back!  Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon in old town with little kids!
Ahh, I haven't been to Sonic in a while, but I met up with a friend here recently to catch up on some girl talk and chill out.  We parked and sat at one of the tables at dusk, with a nice breeze blowing.  I sipped on a large iced tea with extra ice and watched as she ate a chicken finger meal; she'd never been to Sonic even though she's been in Vegas longer than me (I've been here since 1992!)KUDOS:- They have two food items on the menu that I used to get all the time, but not so much any more:  root beer floats that you can request to be blended when you order (that's how I like 'em); and, tater tots. You can get the special fry sauce for the tater tots and fries, a combo of mayo and ketchup.  My son and I would come through the drive-thru at least once a week for blended root beer floats back in the day. It's comfort food, for sure, and oh so good!  - The ice they put in their drinks is crushed, but there's something special, I don't know what it is.  It's so popular that they even sell it by the bag. - Sonic still has the old-school park and eat concept.  You can pull up, park, order over the intercom, and your order is brought out by someone on skates.- Happy Hour for the drinks, of which there are plenty to choose from:  slushes, limeades, sodas, sweet or unsweetened iced teas (regular or green). 2:00-4:00pmGRIPES:- Really not healthy for you, but, hey, you don't come to Sonic to eat healthy.  Come here for some greasy burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs, fries, tater tots, sundaes, floats, and anything else that will make you feel good when you need that kind of comfort.
I can't sing higher praises of these guys.  My 30k mile Versa had developed an idling problem.  I took my car in for routine maintenance and asked if they would have a look at the problem.  They performed the routine maintenance I requested and although I was a little bit taken aback by the price for the inspection ($100-$200 based on what they had to do) I have trusted them for quality service on other vehicles.  They did a diagnostic and the problem was a misfire on cylinder 2.  They went out of their way to call my dealership to see if the problem was covered under warranty, which it was.  As it turned out Nissan had to replace my engine.  This mechanic could have chased the problem from sensor to sensor and fuel filter and ignition etc etc but they didn't, they found the correct path for me to save money and get my car running perfect again.  After that Matt who is the friendliest and most helpful person you will EVER meet at a mechanic offered to take my car to the dealership and pick it up for me, free of charge.  He even knocked off most of the inspection charge because they quickly realized they wouldn't be doing the work to repair it.  There are cheaper mechanics out there but the quality of service here not only made my experience much better but ended up saving me potentially thousands of dollars worth of repairs that were ultimately covered under my warranty.Although there is a small premium to get work done here (there are shady mechanics that will do jobs for less) the customer service by itself, let alone the quality of work, honesty and integrity of the staff are well worth the marginal pricing differences.  Keep up the good work!  Always glad to support local businesses!
Good happy hour. We got the nice big table in the back but needed to be out by a certain time. Service was good but one of our party members got his cashmere sweater burnt by one is the guys bringing out one of the hot grills. They gave free Mochi dessert for apologies.
Great smoothies (the dragonfruit one is amazing), but the atmosphere is definitely a little weird. If you're not there for fitness (which, I didn't even realize was an option until I showed up), you'll feel kind of like an outcast. They clearly have a community following for yogis and maybe spin-class junkies, but it feels a little pretentious. I'm sure they fist-pump unironically. It looks like a fun place to work, because the people behind the counter are always joking around with each other. That being said, it also seems a little too exclusive (with the customer being the excluded party). I'll be back for the smoothie, but I probably won't stay.
First of all, I'm Chinese, and I'm carbophobic. No, I don't really like rice or noodle, so why do I come here when I come to Vegas? I love the Lan Zhou hand pulled noodle, specifically the broth, beef, and veggie in the noodle soup. I love the fact that they always accomodate my request for less noodle but more veggie with extra cilantro and green onions. The broth is so yummy, light yet flavorful. I also like their black pepper filet migon cubes (very tender!), yangzhou style fried rice with shrimp and beef (suprisingly not greasy at all), and dim sum dishes.  I've come here with non-Asian friends (white, Indian, and Jewish), and none of them has ever complained about the quality or service or flavor of the food here. I agree it is quite pricey, but again you are in Vegas! Also I'm sure those stunning-looking fish cost a fortune.
This place is our local go to for Asian food. My husband loves the sushi.  Nice for a date night.  It's not a huge restaurant but had a cute bar area and seating area.  Our food is always cooked to perfection and presented well. Thank you Yama!
I could spend hours and my entire paycheque in this store. I love housewares, kitchen gadgets and basically anything to do with that stuff.It was pretty easy to find what I was looking for and the prices were pretty good. Parking is plentiful and easy.
Great bagels similar to St.V. Their shop is open 24hrs which is great for a late night hot out of the oven Bagel.
4.5 stars. Food and baked goods on point.Made our way here on Canada day. Got there around 11, was told it would be a 45 minute wait. Perused and walked to the basilica (and even went in) and made it back and waited about another 10-15 additional minutes  past the original 45 min. No biggy, though. Place is small and loud and bustling.Food: Poached egg on your face panini. Perfectly cooked eggs, with a little bit of a kick to it. The boyfriend got the pizza pocket and that was deliciously warm and kind of sweet. Both sandwiches were reasonably priced.What takes the cake here are the desserts. Although I was bummed because they didn't have the banana chocolate brioche, we tried the raspberry white chocolate brioche. That pastry was all around soft, sweet and tart and just very, very delicious. Also took a chocolate cooke and lemon poppy seed cookie home and those were moist, tangy, and rich. I love their pastries.Service: Awesome. Friendly. They take american credit cards too.I would definitely come again the next time I visit Montreal.
This place rocks!Highlights:-The buns. Oooooh the buns. Freshly baked goodness.-The gelato: WOW! What a standout. I didn't come here looking to try the Gelato, but the owner gave me a free sample (he said he really wants to get the word out about their in-house made gelato), and wow, was I ever glad I tried it!  For me, the Gelato outshined the burger I had. I tried the salted caramel (heaven. mmmmmmm mmmm), and the Straciatella (also yummy.) Easily some of the best Gelato I have ever had the extreme pleasure of consuming. They also have a Yelp check-in offer to upsize your Gelato for free! Score!-The service. SOOO super friendly and helpful.-The awesome board you can draw on while waiting for your yummy food.-The fact that you can call ahead for your order if you're in a rushMy chicken burger was flavourful and juicy, though a bit too greasy for my liking. Minus a few points for that.All in all, I will definitely be back to try the beef burgers, as well some more of the deliciously amazing Gelato!
I took my family out for dinner and wanted to try something new. This was an important dinner so it had to be somewhere good. The glowing reviews brought us here. We had to wait for a few minutes for a table which was bearable thanks to all their flat screen TV's with the OKC game on.Pork Belly Buns:Braised pork belly with sauce, peanuts and cilantro. This was tasty and fatty. 4/5Soft Shell Crab:Big pieces of deep-fried soft shell crab with a dipping sauce. 4/5Lobster Pho:Here's a dish you won't see at most Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas. The broth was quite tasty. They serve the whole lobster with head, claws and tail - the body and claws have been de-shelled so all you have to do is eat and enjoy. Market price for when I went was $32. 4.5/5Mi Sate:A big bowl of egg noodles and beef in peanut sauce. It tastes like Filipino kare-kare but much watery and with noodles. 3.5/5District One Rice Combo Platter:Short ribs (or you can get pork chop), kimchi, fried egg, Chinese sausage, and rice. A big plate that will not leave you hungry. The short ribs were flavorful and grilled. 4/5The place seems like a good place to hang out at. The bar looks promising and I was watching the bartender interact with people at the bar during commercials - the people at the bar seemed pleased. They do serve alcohol, Vietnamese coffee, soda, etc. Our server, Tien was alright. He forgot to check on our drinks though. A different server gave us our check and asked if we wanted refills - too late! Tien came back to offer is refills - again, too late! Service could definitely be improved.
Just got back from 4 hours at the spa and it was such a great experience that I have to leave a review. My partner and I paid an affordable price (due to a current promotion) for access to the baths and saunas. The spa encourages a "circuit" where you first visit the hot bath, then do a cold water plunge, and finally relax. Half of the floor has bean bag chairs, couches, and beds for you to relax or nap on. The conditions in the spa were so comfortable that we knocked out a couple of times as we relaxed. Theres also a steam bath room and a sauna. The spa's "no talking" rule is taken very seriously, which adds to the calming atmosphere of the spa. Although this spa is on the smaller side, it's an incredibly relaxing experience.
This location is closed.  The website says they will re-open in a week or so on Fremont Street in downtown LV.Decent pizza and cheep beer.  Hope it stays that way when they open downtown
This place is a standout in the middle of Chinatown; it really belongs Downtown. Hip, casual ambiance. Friendly service. We ordered the oysters, steak tartare, Japanese sweet potato, pigs ear, charcuterie board, scallops, short rib, and duck. Everything was above & beyond delicious, but we could've done without the pigs ear. It was described as if it was layered and each piece was crispy like chicharron. Instead, it was served as one ball of breaded pig's ear. So the breading fell away and we were left with just cartilage.Main reason that this was not a 5-star Experience was the pace of service, which was oddly slow. We received one dish at a time with uncomfortably long wait times in between.
I've been getting my eyebrows threaded for over a year now and I'll never go back to tweezing or waxing.  There are several places around town that offer eyebrow threading in there salons but this is the only location I have no complaints about. I've been to a several other places before finding Divine Threading and will never look any further. Their location is very clean which I'm a huge stickler for. The staff is very friendly and asks before they start working on whatever you. They can trim, shape, and color in your brows before you leave to give you the full effect. They always ask you questions which I like,  They also offer a few other services but I only go in for my eyebrows. If you're ever in area you should defiantly go and check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I had the opportunity to try Stripsteak this past weekend, and the food held up to my expectations. We shared the porterhouse, along with the souffled spinach and mushrooms. The porterhouse was the perfect cut for us to share, and it was juicy, tender, and well-seasoned. The star of the night was the souffled spinach, which was so unique. It walked a fine line between savory and sweet, because I expected every bite to taste sweet (I'm thinking it's a souffle!) but it tasted like spinach. I would highly recommend it! The mushrooms were good too, but definitely get the spinach.My friend had the Stripsteak which had really good flavor but was a tad on the chewy side. And did I mention they served complimentary fries? I was happy with the meal, and would return to try some of the other cuts.
I am really impressed with the shortness of the lines here. Otherwise this is a pretty standard Wal-Mart, but i've been here maybe 5 times and I don't think I've waited longer than 2 or 3 minutes to get in the self checkout, at least compared to the Wal-Mart's in LA that is really good wait time.
Menu: http://www.ruelo.com/ (Includes cakes and macarons list, they have more stuff at the location.)What we had: various flavours of macarons, Ruelo cake, green tea red bean sesame cake, strawberry yuzu cake, white chocolate lemon cake (not listed on their website)Taste: 10/10Can we give 11/10? We absolutely love their cakes, especially the Ruelo cake. That's our favourite cake in the whole world. It's like Ferrero Rocher made into a super decadent cake. Their cakes are consistent masterpieces and look elegant. Their website has descriptions of the cakes so we will not go into detail in our review. The only cake that we weren't big on was the green tea red bean sesame cake because it was not sweet enough for our taste. If you like a cake that's very light tasting and has low sweetness, you may like the green tea cake. The macarons here are good as well; the Ruelo macaron is Laura's favourite. One of the more recent flavours we've tried is the strawberry yogurt, which had the yogurty tartness and was interesting. We really really really want to try the Cream Cheese Orange flavour, but we never see it available in store. :( Value: 5/10Not going to lie, the goods are expensive. Like we've said about the other location: The servings they list on their website are waaaaaaaay off. The small cake is supposed to serve 6-8 people? More like 6-8 mice, and that's being generous. We can each decimate a 5' mango almond cake on our own. (Not proud of it, but true facts.) That being said, their cake prices are cheaper and tastier than Nadege, and their single serving cakes are not too expensive (around $6, forget exact price). Service/Convenience: 8/10This location is in Time Square, and if you've been there, you know that finding parking is almost impossible. Once you manage to find parking, finding the store front is easy. We never tried their afternoon tea thing, but from the times we bought cakes and macarons, the staff here are very friendly and efficient.When we came here to get Laura's bday cake, the staff did not have a cake available but they were very accomodating; they were able to assemble the cake in 15 minutes.Would go back? Yes, this is Laura's go-to cake store for special occasions. Would recommend to friend? Yes, the cakes, and macarons if the friend is into macarons.Similar places: Nadege Patisserie
There are few places in Madison where you can get a better for lunch for the price. For $12 you get a plate of delicious hanger steak, potatoes, and side house salad (which is crazy creative and I wish I would have thought of the recipe myself it's so good). Enjoy all of that in the cool restaurant atmosphere and you have yourself one great lunch!For those of you who, like me, can't get enough sushi, the sashimi plate and Muramoto roll are just the things to curb that never-ending sushi craving for the day. Then you'll probably want to comes back for another round the next day. It's a good idea to split these dishes between two people. The sashimi plate comes with a side of rice that has dried shiso leaf sprinkled on top. Never had this combo before, and it is so welcomed! The dried shiso adds a nice delicate, herbal flavor to the savory sticky rice. Yummmm. The variety of fish the sushi chef picked was all wonderful. I couldn't pick a favorite because it was all so good in its own way. The Muramoto roll is a party in itself. Egg paper--can't imaging how they make that!--enrobes rice, shrimp, shiso and some other delicious things and is topped with a mound of salmon roe. Hard to beat that!
Good food, though a little overpriced.  I usually get the Carribean Jerk Chicken Pasta, which has a fabulous cream sauce, chicken and asparagus.  So good.  I also love the West Indies beef patties and the Ultimate Pina Colada.  I've heard other dishes are just so so.  The service  is usually outstanding.
Huge fan of this place! Surprised at the meager Yelp rating.I come here for weekday lunches on a regular basis...I've had the rare beef pho, the grilled beef on vermicelli noodles with a spring roll, the sweet and sour chicken and the chicken satay....and all are super-duper tasty! The space itself is clean and airy, the service is friendly, and the food typically comes out quick.Well done, Phomono! I'll be back pho sho.
I love Amélie's, but I was a little disappointed this visit. I love the autumn pumpkin soup and they didn't have it. They also didn't have the seasonal pumpkin macaron. We got some petit fours that were very good with the exception of the one that I was told was white chocolate pistachio that was actually dark chocolate pistachio.On a more positive note, the Croque Monsieur and the Seeded Roast Beef sandwich were delicious as usual. The seasonal caramel apple cider and Russian tea with orange and cinnamon were absolutely fantastic. If you make it in for the fall menu, the drinks are a must try!
Great bowls!!!! Filling and healthy! Quick stop for lunch every and anytime!! Love the steakkkkk
Good food, drinks and atmosphere. The Knock out pineapple martinis are amazing as well as their wedge and the scallops. The happy hour is great for afterwork get togethers. And don't miss out on sitting on the patio when its a nice night out.
My husband and I had a late lunch/early dinner, nothing over the top, but not the usual 'chain' meal. Based on the reviews I read on yelp, we thought we'd give Trattoria Reggiano a go. We weren't disappointed. Never have walked through the maze of shops within and around The Venetian, so we enjoyed the stroll to find T.R. tucked into a small curve in The Grand Canal Shoppes.  We arrived around 5:00 and had our choice of dining 'in' or 'patio' (which basically means the wide side-walk of the shoppes). We joined two other parties on the patio (it's always entertaining to people watch in Vegas!). Warmly greeted by Amanda (who was fabulous); gave us time to look over the menu. I wasn't sure about the chianti served by the glass and she offered to get me a sample. Pleasantly surprised to find it was a nice little chianti and was poured a very full glass of wine ($11).   Hubby and I decided on a starter of Filet Mignon Meatballs ($12) since many reviews highlighted them; very good start to the meal. Good flavor, great sauce, and nicely proportioned.  For dinner, my husband order the Salsiccia pizza ($15) while I, based on Amanda's suggestion, tried the special of  mushroom fettuccine ($16).  In the meantime, the home made garlic rolls arrived (yummy) along with the above mentioned meatballs. May I add...the leftover pomodoro sauce from the meatballs is amazing with the garlic rolls. Hey, we're on vacation, calories and carbs don't count, right?  Our entrees were served within 12-15 minutes.  My husband enjoyed his pizza - especially the pieces of fresh garlic that were cooked in the pizza sauce. Said it had very good flavor although it didn't look anywhere as good as it tasted. The crust was nicely browned; crisp but a nice soft center. However, he agreed that my dish was definitely better.  The pasta was cooked slightly al dente (perfect); the sauce was delicious and not too overwhelming (as I've had at other restaurants); and the mushrooms gave a wonderful depth and texture to the dish.  Amanda had said it was her favorite meal but typically is only served once a month. Lucky me - it was wonderful. The pizza was enough for two as was my pasta. As we (luckily) have a hotel room with a kitchenette, we took the leftovers with us.  Nice late night snack after spending an evening in the casino, lol.  The ambiance of T.R. is quite nice; quaint vibe of a Italian cafe much like you see when visiting Italy. As we visited for an early dinner on a Monday night (10/8/12), there was seating available. But leaving an hour later, all the tables were full and I noted some people waiting. If you're looking for some good Italian food, in a casual setting, with some top-notch service, you'll want to visit Trattoria Reggiano.
I work at Glen- Montreal Children's Hospital. When the end of year approaches, we need to let go. It's time for celebratory dinner, drinking, dancing ... to pay off our hard work. A group of nurses, the organization... throw us a vibrant Christmas party. Vieux-port Steakhouse received us.It's a huge, three floor restaurant. We got the top floor, which includes the dance floor. The restaurant has the rustic decor. It feels cozy and warm since the cold has wrapped us. We were 110 people; I was amazed the service was satisfactory. The waiters did their best to accommodate all of us in timely.To start off, we had bread. It was warm and soft. Then house salad, sadly it was soaked in the vinaigrette. Then the main dish, steak with mashed potatoes and roasted vegetables. Well cooked, and super delicious. Our table had wine, which was a bit too strong for my taste, so afterwards I ordered my favorite cocktail, whiskey with ginger ale. Then we had three layers chocolate mousse cake. It was light, fluffy and yummy. The music was fantastic. The vibe was hyped up. Wonderful place for a party!
I live in Vegas but needed some time away from home.  So glad I did! The rooms are beautiful.  The beds were very comfortable but the pillows left much to be desired. I would suggest to bring your own pillows. The room was so spacious. And the bathroom was just simply beautiful. I don't gamble much so I can't say much about that part of the casino.  But it was pretty much a casino but not as big as most of course. The restaurants that I visited were okay, nothing to write home about and the prices were you know, casino prices. The area is not the best in town. But watching the locals could be very entertaining.  Oh and did I mention, there are no resort fees and free Wi-Fi. WINNING!!  I would definitely do a staycation there again.. And have family or friends stay there when in town.
First korean bbq and it was delicious. Highly recommend going here. Had the toro, beef tongue, fillet mignon, it was all good
Did a great job, mentioned quite a few things that needed repairs, caught just about all of it. Helpful, pretty accurate. Only problem is they had the exhaust fan noise on the microwave listed, but not the fact that it actually didn't heat up at all. Also, pool filter spitting about a bunch of sand in pool, not cleaning well. All in all good
Stopped in jasons deli for a deli club sandwich and there was nobody to take my order, I asked if they were short staffed and was informed the workers just didn't show up to work, then was told they are closing July 31 for good, the deli club I ordered was very good with  very tender and smoky turkey and ham on toasted wheat, so I guess the metro center jasons deli is next closest if you still want jasons deli
This place is so cute and has a nice vibe. They have signature drinks that's are made with lots of love. I had the Spicy Noodles and they were so good and lived up to the spice.
Just moved to the neighborhood - walked here after unpacking for several hours. Famished, and ready to eat some good food! It was late, but I was confident that I could put away some food in a short period of time.The woman in the front explained that they closed at 10, which was fine - she was polite about it. The waitress was great, very attentive and sweet (even though we were officially THOSE people who showed up 40 minutes before closing time)Food was brought out almost immediately, great flavor & quality. Sushi was MOSTLY fish, not MOSTLY rice - it's rare that you find this. My large miso soup was LARGE - enough for two days. All portions were a very nice size.Upon checking out, the woman in the front was pretty much telling off our waitress because she forgot to add my wine to the check - ridiculous if you ask me. They made us swipe our credit card again to pay for the wine - while the woman was still yelling at our server. Honestly, that was the only thing that I could say that was an issue this evening. The waitress handled it great though - she was awesome & I would ask for her again when we come back.
Good local joint.  Food choices are good.  The delivery is quick.  Prefer them over any other delivery place around the area.  Wish that they had a better variety for healthier options.
We love Big Surf and get tickets on Groupon to visit once or twice per summer. It's never over crowded on weekdays and my kids (aged 3-12) never get bored here. Would give five stars if the water in the wave pool was cleaner, the rafts were cheaper to rent, and they had more access to drinking water out there (have seen multiple people throw up - likely due to dehydration).
I went for brunch twice in two days! I recommend the cheese curds-they are the best I've had in Madison! I got the fried pickles too, they were ok. The drinks are great, the service is awesome-great attitudes, friendly inviting smiles, quick attentive service! I had the huevos divorciados-very good! On my second visit I ate the pulled pork and sweet potato hash. I recommend both!
My wife and I absolutely LOVE this place. I took her here for the first time last Valentines Day (2017) and it was awesome. Our server was outstanding. He was light, fun and yet very professional. The food was excellent. My wife had the butternut squash ravioli and it was amazing. I had a pasta dish with scallops and it was delicious as well. Scallops and pasta were cooked to perfection. Drink selection is phenomenal! The wine and cocktail list is out of this world. They have a wide variety of wines to choose from and a very unique cocktail menu. I had a an aviation that was very well mixed. It was floral and exotic tasting without being overpowering.My only criticism that I would have is not necessarily a reflection on the restaurant itself. When my wife and I left Casbah, the valet attendant in the parking lot was not so pleasant with me. I had tipped him $20 and gave it to what I believed to be his supervisor. As we were about to leave I had very kindly told him I did so but he proceeded to glare at me and say "I'll go ask him". I do understand why he would react this way but a little more professionalism goes a long way. However, other than this awkward 5 seconds my wife and I have never been disappointed with Casbah. We would HIGHLY recommend it to anyone! Please, take advantage of this gem in Pittsburgh! Just be sure to tip the actual valet and not accidentally hand it supervisor lol.
This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!Can't wait to go back!!!!!
Service was excellent. Food was good. Atmosphere is good. Just a tad pricey or it would've been 5 stars. But that's not going to stop me from eating there.
Really helpful and knowledgeable staff. Convenient location near the shooting range.  I appreciated their help and advice.
As always Annie's delivers great food in a wonderful atmosphere. I am trying to lose a little weight so I have been getting the vegetables instead of pasta sauteed sometimes and steamed sometimes , they are very accommodating to my individual needs.
What?!?! I know the bunt cakes here are deliciously good and they melt in your mouth, not in your spoon or fork but! the real reason I go to Nothing Bundt Cakes is for their WHITE CHOCOLATE POPCORN!!!! It's the same makers of Danielle's Snow Popcorn! I've been getting my quick fix of these scrumptious delectable little pieces of heaven at NBC since they closed the Danielle's shop here in Vegas. The popcorn may run to seven dollars at NBC compared to the seven dollars of twice the size of that bag at their headquarters in Mesquite. I guess you have to weigh your options.... Drive an hour and get the popcorn twice as big for the same price or buy it at NBC for the convenience of it being in the same city. To each it's own. So if you ever get a chance to treat yourself at NBC please try the red velvet [because it has mini chocolate chips mixed in which is just the best little surprise when you taste it] ALONG with the white popcorn. I promise you will not be disappointed unless you are on a really tight budget. In that case, just choose one. *whispers excitedly: the popcorn!*
This is the affordable version of Thomas Keller's restaurants. =) Seriously though, the food here was great. Came here with a party of 10+ for the woman's B-day and we were all very satisfied with the meal. We ordered the Grand Plateau - which consisted of 1 lobster, 16 oysters, 8 shrimp, 8 clams, 9 mussels, seasonal crab, (all cold of course) the Porc Braisé - braised pork short ribs with onion soubise & celeriac rémoulade, Gigot d' Agneau - a roasted leg of lamb with flageolet beans in a thyme jus, the Poulet Rôti - a roasted chicken with garlic braised escarole & lemon confit, Steak Frites - a pan-seared prime flatiron served with maître d' hôtel butter & french fries, some charcuterie and soup/salad specials as well. Service was attentive and we had some great seats by the large patio windows. Now I need to get in line again for the French Laundry...=/
This place had the cheapest rate so I decided to go with them and booked online.  They were very friendly and the return was smooth.  One minus star for the fact the guy who helped me initially did not say OPTIONAL insurance.  He said "Do you want just the basic or premium insurance?"  instead of "Would you like to add our optional insurance to your rental?"  I travel enough to know that those insurance are only optional but it would mislead some people.
Since we stayed at Aria we wanted to try restaurants the hotel had to offer. Being from Chicago we know about good pizza. The first time there we ordered a meat ball sandwich and wings. I was a little disappointed they didn't have bbq wings and there beer selection was pretty weak. The wings were ok the meatball sandwich was good. The second time there we ordered pizza. The pizza was really good and server Sheryl was great! We left that place with a smile. For good pizza check this place out.
Love Goodwill. This one has great nik-naks for decorating EX CHRISTMAS;) and,more..
Came here last minute for a mani/pedi. Reasonable price, clean, & professional.
I got rid of the bang bang sauce in favor of mustard and I thought the burger was very flavorful and the meat just melted in my mouth and with the bun the flavor was excellent. I could imagine that the bang bang sauce would over power the burger, hence I left it off, plus I am more of mustard guy anyway. I will come back and try something more adventurous than just a regular burger with lettuce, tomato, and onion.
Very delicious, spicy 4 was perfect.  Had veggie delight, tom yum soup and vegetable red curry.  Entertainment was an added bonus.
For the longest time, I assumed this was a bar & grill like Ale House. Just yesterday I was craving hot dogs and this place came up in my search. This is actually a decent fast food restaurant. My husband and I went in here and the lady taking the order showed us how to order on the little personal order forms. I got a hot dog and my husband got a philly chicken sandwich. Both our sandwiches were delicious. The hot dogs are giant!While we waited, I noticed that they also make old school thick milkshakes, something I will try in the future. They're also known for their chargrilled burgers, which I'm looking forward to trying as well.Service was friendly and I really liked the lady at the counter. She was very polite and helpful.
The milk tea drinks at this place are excellent! The flavors are well balanced and you can really taste the tea without being overwhelmed by added sugar. I've been here a few times in the past couple of months and here are the food items I've tried:- Crispy and salty popcorn chicken: Delicious, hot and definitely salty. Very crispy coating and the dark meat is juicy.- Tempura fish cakes: Really good flavor and the texture of the fish cake is soft. I just wish they'd had more - Fried chicken cutlet over rice: The taste of the chicken is very similar to the popcorn chicken, so no complaints there! The veggies that they add are pretty lackluster. The broccoli/tiny portions of shredded carrot I had was overcooked (probably steamed) and soggy.- Black pepper beef over rice: Meat was excellent and savory but, again, the rest of the fixings (miscellaneous veggies) kind of ruined the meal. Overall the menu is tasty but I'd say skip the big eats since the markup isn't worth what you get. The decor is simple if not a bit tacky, but there's lots of seating options and the place is open and clean
The seafood udon is delicious. Creamy tomato sauce with reasonable amount of seafood. The udon is very good.
Love this place. There is always a line up. It is pricey but well worth it. I have been there multiple times. I went there other night(weeknight) there was a  musician but the music was way too loud. I find that the servers themselves arent very good but the carvers one word...yummy.
This is a cocktail bar, there are no beers on tap. However, the best thing about SideBar are the cocktails, don't go and order a bottle of beer. There are tons of options, I personally can vouch for the White Rabbit. It is basically a delicious alcoholic horchata.SideBar is small and located up a flight of a long flight of stairs so don't get too inebriated before leaving! On busy Friday nights it can be difficult to find a spot to sit later in the night. Noise level isn't terrible compared to other bars which is a plus. It's loud, but not unbearably so.
Our group enjoyed this place! nice atmosphere and great service. great Michael Mina restaurant and pretty affordable. They have daily specials for $50 pp and comes with app, main entree, and dessert. Love their fries and my steak was yummy! I tried my luck and got medium well (i usually have to order medium or medium rare so it's not overcooked), and they cooked it perfectly! The beignets I got for dessert was also delish.
Went here last Friday night with my wife, after several recommendations from friends.  For the most part, we were not disappointed.The ambiance is fine, and the service was friendly.They had Four Peaks Oatmeal Stout on tap. Already off to a good start.For appetizers, we had the cheddar-bacon biscuits.  They were very good, and the orange-jalapeño butter that accompanied them was interesting.  The biscuits were as good with and without the butter, but with the butter the flavor profile was much different.We also had a four cheese and pancetta grilled cheese sandwich. It was heavenly. bread was soft, the cheese was gooey, and the pancetta gave it a delicious saltiness. It comes with a tomato soup that is fine, but sort of overpowers the sandwich.  I recommend eating them separately.For our entrees, I ordered the meatloaf special and my wife ordered the cast iron skillet chicken.  The cast iron skillet chicken was the biggest disappointment of the night.  It wasn't bad, it was just mostly unremarkable.  The biscuit stuffing that came with it was superb, however.But oh, the meatloaf.  I'm still thinking about the meatloaf.  I didn't think it was possible to like meatloaf this much.  It's made with beef and veal, and the result is the most tender meatloaf I've ever had.  I would almost describe it as creamy.  If you go here and they have the meatloaf on special, at least one person at the table should get it.For dessert, we had some of their house made ice cream.  We ordered the milk chocolate ice cream, which was darker than we expected.  We like dark chocolate though, so it turned out great.  The ice cream has an almost pudding-like texture--it seems closer to gelato than traditional ice cream.  It was a great ending to a great meal.Basically, everything but my wife's entree was fantastic, and even that was certainly fine.  The prices are a bit steep, but they're not at all unreasonable.  We will definitely be going back here.
I think the place is great, the cashier recommended the lobster fries and the 50/50 Lobster crab roll. Food was really good, but not great. I think if you love lobster you will enjoy this place.
I can't believe I give this place 4 stars but they worth it From all the DMV's I ever been they are the best Fast of all there is not a big line like all the others Second the team is very organized and nice I had my title in CA and I had to transfer , Maria help me step by step to make it right They also let you keep the California driver license Over all this a good location
Generally, I don't stay at suite types of hotels but I was pleasantly surprised by this one.  My brother found it for all of us to stay at while in Madison for my uncle's funeral.  It's a little further out of town than I normally like but it's five minutes away from TownEast Mall and places to eat so it was perfect for the occasion.Right off the bat, because I have Hilton HHonors card, I got 500 bonus points and a chocolate bar and a bottle of water from the staff.  That was exactly what I needed.The room is large and had a fridge, microwave and a dishwasher.  None of which I needed but good to know.The free WiFi was such a joy and it was fast too.  Plenty of space to lay out my laptop and external hard drive.  Bed was comfortable although i did get bit up by something - fleas maybe. Flat screen was new with plenty of channels.The free breakfast was also good - cereals, oatmeals, bagels, fruit, muffins, coffee, OJ - all perfectly suited for us.After the funeral we returned and all of us sat in their 'family room' to play cards and have some cocktails.  Everyone was totally cool with that.I imagine that in the spring and summer this hotel stays very busy.One thing though, for some reason, they are not listed on the wall at the airport for their shuttle service.  You might want to call in advance.If I ever travel with a large group to Madison again, I'm sure we will stay there.  I highly recommend it!
Excellent Thai food!  We got take out.  The Pad Thai and Curry - excellent!  If you like medium spicy...choose #2 (spicy between 1-5).  #3 spicy...was way too hot for my husband....who is always medium spicy.  FYI...they DO NOT take AMEX; and there is a 10% discount if you pay with cash!
Loved this place.  My best friend recommended it, she comes here every Sunday for dim sum brunch.  Service was fast, the carts came by every so often and almost everything we had was delicious - sticky rice, shrimp balls, shu-mai, pork buns, spare ribs and roast duck!  And best of all?  We paid only over $25+  for so much food!  A must try!
*edit*I've been meaning to update this but I totally forgot.  I got the entire situation fixed with the help of Dana George.  I ended up having a pretty good time here.This hotel is so unreasonable. On which planet does a hotel reward customers for booking late rather than early? It makes no sense whatsoever. Granted, I did book the non-refundable room thinking that I was getting the best possible price but for them to lower the price on the same room by 20% is absolutely ridiculous. I suggest everyone to read the fine print on their so-called "best price guarantee" because its so misleading. For this reason I will never stay at this hotel again and will make sure none of my friends or family do either. I hope they enjoyed making that extra $150 off of me because it's the last they will see of my money.
Forget the more American offerings on the menu.  Just have the fish and chips--with mushy peas.  Dip your chips in the mushy peas instead of the tartar sauce.  Their fish and chips are perfection, and English-style perfection at that.
We had the elk and pheasant sausages with the duck fat fries and everything was delicious! Really cool atmosphere. Beers are very pricey though so we didn't end up getting any
We absolutely LOVE Giant Rustic Pizza! We live about 20 minutes away and we'll make the drive for their yummy pizza. Their slices are ooey gooey cheesy slices of heaven! They have a cool lunch special - 2 slices and a drink for about $6. They used to have a specialty slice of the day written on a board behind the register, but on my last visit the board was gone. I'm assuming they no longer offer specialty slices. Either way, its good stuff! Giant Rustic is nestled in between a waxing studio and a nail boutique. Friendly workers and plenty of parking.
The customer service was really good and so was the food. We got the shrimp tamale appetizer and it was decent and the the salmon and pork tenderloin entree. Both of the entrees were amazing, but the appetizer and sides were just alright. The margaritas are definitely good as well. The atmosphere is nice, but you kind of sit very close to other parties eating.
Johnny Dee is a great psychic. Anytime I can get a reading from him makes my day. He is very in touch with the other side. He is the best card reader in town!
Great great show! Get there early! Get up front at the waiting line by the bar. Line up starts at 8pm right by the 2nd floor entrance. you don't wanna be at the back of the theater. its a flat level theater so general admission means 1st come 1st serve if you don't upgrade you will be sitting at the rear half. Show is great with a GREAT live band and the best version of Bjork's "Oh so quiet.....sh sh" (other than Bjork's, of course) Singing, dancing, contortionists, acrobatics and even burlesque....... all awesome.
Had the house pretzel as an app, the ab cheese burger and salted caramel pudding. It was all fantastic and I will be coming back.
I always feel like I've eaten a healthy meal when I walk out. Feels good! I went in today with my teen daughter. We love this place. Food is great, staff is quick and always very nice. I love that the food changes so I always have something interesting to eat. The restaurant is clean. BUT.... the women's bathroom is always filthy. Minus one star for the bathroom. I paid $30 for us to eat. I'm sure they can afford a deep clean and some paint.
Good food for a good price. Their menu is huge. Lots to choose from. Sadly they didn't have any congee. But they have Hong Kong style noodles, rice, soup and snacks. You can go there for a light meal or to stuff yourself at a decent price.
Get your Pho fix at Little Saigon. I've been here several times now, & never had a bad meal. Nothing fancy here, just good big steaming bowls of Pho, along with the boba drinks I love. The soup is always good & hot, with lots of meat, as well as a side dish of accompaniments such as bean sprouts, limes, holy basil & sliced fresh jalapenos. The service is quick & what the staff lacks in english communication skills, they make up for in smiles, prompt service, quality, & quantity. The boba drinks feature nice smooth starchy balls that are softer than some of the other places I've tried. The coconut is my favorite. It cools the mouth & throat after powering down a spicy bowl of this wonderful soup. #35, steak, brisket, & tendon is my go to order. I've also tried the fried rice here, & it was top notch. The only reason I didn't give Saigon 5 stars is because the cleanliness left a little to be desired, & the beef balls were a bit too chewy. But don't let appearances fool you. There's a reason that there are several locations of this Pho restaurant. They do it right.
Came around 5pm this Friday. Food was good. No complaints. I ordered a cheeseburger and onion rings my son chicken strips and fries. And we shared cheese sticks. The only little issue was the waiter had to come back to ask us what side my son had and cheese sticks came after food.
GREAT enchiladas!!! I really liked the taco also, much better shell then the normal corn ones. I also liked the bean dip and salsa with the chips. It is a nice touch we do not get back east. The margarita cupcake was also really nice!!!It took 15 minutes before anyone showed up to seat us... (not nice)
The salad is unbelievable... my wife and I have been coming to one location of the restaurants for two decades, wither in North Royalton, Macedonia or Twinsburg, and they always have great food.   But the salad.... amazing!   My wife is vegetarian but I'm a big meat eater but we both usually get the large salads.
We came here with a bunch a friends and had a real good time. Service was great as they were able to accommodate 8 of us with no problem.The food was just as good. I had the shrimp skewer dinner which was really good and just what I expected. We also had 3 pinchers of margaritas too. Gotta have my margaritas lol.  No one in my group had any issues and we had an overall good time. This place is definitely recommended!!
My nail tech really took her time and was very gentle. I would rather spend more time in the chair with beautiful results than quick service with poor results. It was my first time trying on a Saturday morning, I was so impressed I booked my next appt right away.
Stopped here on a LONG layover before a flight to LA.  I was traveling with another employee and had a great time in the little couch / booth area.  It was so different from other airport restaurants.  It felt like we had a little peace and quiet area to ourselves.  The food was okay overall.  I got the kale salad (not a big fan) and the tortilla soup (okay).  The best thing we got were the prickly pear margaritas.  Mmmmmm.  The server was a little uneven -- our waiter got busy at the bar and disappeared for a long time.  We got apology cookies (tiny!) but we didn't mind much as we had the time to kill.  Big thumbs up for those margaritas.
First thought, it isn't easy to find the first time... it is to the left, in a business park behind the post office. Second thought, damn good pizza and worth finding!I tried the lamb and rosemary pizza, with roasted peppers etc, it was awesome. It was also a tough choice, all of them looked good. I loved the garlic infused olive oil for dipping the crust. It is what that crap that comes with delivery pizzas tries to be.It is a huge open space inside, kind of odd decor, but the people working were helpful and friendly. They are only open in the evenings. Sure it costs a little more than delivery, but they do make a great pie!
I had a craving for poke bowls so I decided to come here since it had relatively good reviews and was close to me. Decor: 3.5/5 very average and not too bad. I liked the big menus and the window lighting made the place super bright. There were only a few tables and some window seats. Very typical fast food joint set up. Food: 4/5 loved my bowl. I got the one with crab meat salad in it (too lazy to look up the name lol) and I you could customize the sauce and the toppings. There was a nice selection of toppings and sauces and the lady suggested I try the spicy mayo sauce since I didn't know what to pick. It was great!! The sashimi was good and seemed fresh too. The reason why I docked 1 point was because the avocado wasn't diced or fully sliced into pieces. The avocado was sliced but it wasn't all the way, so it seemed like they just put half an avocado in there. You pretty much had to slice it up yourself. In addition, i felt like some of the fish chunks could be smaller. I had a piece of tuna that was so big! Service: 5/5 they were super friendly and nice!! Always willing to answer any questions you have :)Can't wait to try the other signature bowls!
Love this place. Service is a hit or miss. Food quality is always on par.
Tasted 4 cakes today and all were very moist. Liked the frosting too. All sugared out. The chocolate cake was my favorite. Need some milk.
Glad I stopped in for lunch!I recommend the Wisconsin cheddar cauliflower soup. I had the crab avocado panini - did not care for the bread but everything in it was very good . The restaurant can get very messy because customers do not take the time to put away their trashes and garbage correctly . The clean up staff worked really hard keeping everything nice and clean . The front staff was very friendly and fast . Clean up  staff were very helpful and sweet .I'll be back for more !
So far, so good. Ever since Mike, formerly of Leslie's was asked to leave there, I've been coming here. The prices are pretty good, and I've even found a new Mike to answer my pool questions. One of my new discoveries is the gallon jugs of chlorine. It does the trick, just as well as 2 bags of Shock for the same price. The major plus is a cleaner back-wash and a lack of powder residue. I'm a happy customer and I approve this Review. LOL
This place has REALLY good sushi and half price during happy hour!!  I went in a group and I really liked the restaurant layout and the food.  The pricing during happy hour is GREAT!!  Can't beat half priced sushi.  Looking forward to returning here
This is a great place for seafood. Never disappointed and the service is great.  Staff is very friendly.  Wish the crawfish season was longer
Flavorful. Savory.  Amazing Food. I really enjoyed Mesa Grill.  We ordered the mushroom quesadilla (that is topped with a perfectly fried egg), the grilled mahi mahi with risotto, and the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin with tamale.  Everything was so good!  The service was ok.  Our server was not very enthusiastic and didn't seem like she ever tasted the food herself when i asked her questions about the menu.  The bread basket was cool because it comes with 3 different types - a jalapeño cheese sliced bread, a sweet raisin sliced bread, and a corn muffin.  My least favorite was the corn muffin because it was really dry, cold, and crumbly.  I would skip it.  My boyfriend agrees that the food tastes awesome, but that the portions are too small.  He was still hungry after the mahi mahi, and said he could probably eat another one.  I thought the portion size was right for a balanced meal.  I ate my entire plate!Overall, tasty hot entrees and appetizer.  I would come back again!
BEAUTIFUL restaurant with awesome service and good, but expensive for the portion sizes food.The decor reminds me of a cozier Cento. Love the booths (they remind me of little cabanas). I love that you can see them cooking, too!Fun, friendly and helpful servers.So the menu reminds me of the menu at A Pig in a Fur Coat in that it's mostly smaller plates designed for sharing. However, in practice, most of the dishes at Graft are not actually shareable. I think the main difference in the actual food between Graft and PIAFC is that the Graft food is not quite as decadent so you actually want more than a bite. However, my group of 4 shared a lot of dishes and we really only got a tiny bite of each. We left hungry and still paid a lot. Each dish was like $5 per bite.We loved most of the food, though! I think I would just go back with one other person and be prepared to spend a lot. Favorites include the beef tartare, flank steak and ravioli. The macaroni and cheese was the only thing I didn't like. Too smoky, but people apparently love it. The fried chèvre was good but not all that interesting and the scallops were yummy with that hint of grapefruit but really not feasible for sharing. Great cocktails and wine, too. This is definitely a place for a special occasion. An anniversary date, not a group dinner with friends!
My first time here...service is awesome. Ordered Jun's Special combo w/ veggies. DELISH!
Came here on a Thursday night for dinner with friends. A bit tricky to get a reso at the time we wanted, which was weird because when we showed up there were a ton of empty tables. We had a great spot by the big fireplace so it was nice and cozy. The service was fairly quick, although when our server did disappear, she took a while to return. I like that their menu has a little "gf" beside all of the gluten free items. I still specified that it was not a preference but a necessity, but that's my own paranoia about being glutened coming through. I ordered the chicken tacos on corn tortillas with a salad. The salad was pretty typical of any restaurant chain. The tacos were great but need to be eaten quickly as corn tortillas do not hold up as well as flour ones and the insides started busting through the bottoms soon after I started eating (I made the mistake of having the salad first). The tacos were very flavourful and spicy - great combination of tastes. I really enjoyed them. They were absolutely loaded with purple cabbage (my fave!) so be aware of that if you're not down with cabbage. I'll be back to try more of their gfree offerings!
D's has the best wings ever! Boyfriend and I went for dinner on a weeknight. It was loud and crowded as I'm sure it is a lot of the time. There was a bit of a wait (about 15 minutes) before we were seated at a table. We got the garlic butter wings, pub fries, and chose kielbasa for our hot dogs. We LOVED the garlic butter wings. I don't think I've ever had such great wings before. They were crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and had so much flavor. We also really enjoyed the pub fries. The hot dogs, however, were just mediocre. It took them a long time to get our food to us, but they apologized and gave us two free hot dogs cards for next time. Although I can't honestly say that the hot dogs are that amazing here (even with the kielbasa), I'm sure we'll be back for the delicious wings and the fries.Taste | 4Atmosphere | 3Presentation | 3Service | 4OVERALL | 4
At any burger place, IMO, after all the gimmicks and flourishes, it really just comes down to the burger. Capitano is no exception. After going through the menu I settled on the Blue Lagoon -- a very enticingly described burger with a juice beef patty, blue cheese, fried egg, sautéed mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, BBQ sauce, capitano sauce. Needless to say it was VERY flavourful and the fried egg added a lovely dimension to the whole thing. And the blue cheese. Oh the blue cheese. The best part? It's under $10 with tax. I think that given the ingredients that's a pretty good deal. As for the Gelato part of their business, I was satisfied too. Personally the gelato burger did not appeal to me, but I loved their selection of house-made gelati and it really rounded out the meal very well.All in all, I highly recommend it to anyone looking to try something new in the Yonge & Bloor area and not spend a ton in the process.
I really enjoy this market because it is just a quick 5 minute drive for some of my favorite produce that you can't find at the American Grocery stores. Well, you probably can, just not at the prices you'll find here at La Bonita During my last visit, the manager was standing at the door after he just hauled in some carts to greet his customers. My daughter was trying to show off her Spanish and the manager was very impressed. It is nice to see someone from management helping out the team & still greeting shoppers with a friendly smile. I usually check out the produce, because who doesn't love cheap, good quality fruits & veggies?! Another favorite is the meat section. I occasionally like to have a fiesta con carne asada con mis amigos! So I usually stop here for my meats, rice, beans & other yummy goodies. I love the marinated flank steak! La Bonita definitely blows any other store out the water as far as quality. The workers are definitely extremely hard working & always helpful. My Spanglish isn't all that great, but I've never had any issue with any product I needed. Plus, it's a nice way to brush up on my conversation skills. They definitely appreciate my effort! And last but not least, the fruit juice bar! You can select your own fruits for them to juice right in front of you. I opted for the watermelon & it was quite a treat for a hot day. It's conveniently located in Spring Valley on Rainbow & Flamingo across from the Sprout's Market. If you're looking for quality, authentic produce & meats, make a quick trip in!
It seems that the farther you go from the Strip, the better the breakfast options. My theory is still that people don't wake up early enough around there for a lot of breakfast-dedicated establishments to be profitable...but that's probably BS. Whatever, it doesn't matter.I decided on this cafe because they have lemon poppyseed pancakes with blueberry compote. I don't know why more places don't offer this type of pancake, but because so few of them do, I love getting them whenever I can. As stated in my other reviews, I hold breakfasts to a higher standard than other meals. It's the most important. It's my favorite. Ya better not screw it up.Well, MTO definitely didn't screw it up. These poppyseed cakes are DIVINE! Typically I'm not a fan of lemon, but when it's paired with the cakey pancake, the nutty poppy seeds, and the sweet blueberries, it's irresistible. My friend ordered the scrambled eggs and bacon, because he's a simple kind-a guy. I dig it though - they're the cornerstone of a well-balanced breakfast. He likes bacon that isn't too crispy or too chewy, so the bacon was perfectly cooked for him. He wasn't as much of a fan for the eggs, but they got the job done.This orange cafe is a refreshing and safe change from the series of perhaps-questionable stops on your Vegas Strip visit.
I love Lola's on Central. Great location that's not too far away from the Biltmore. Unless it's super packed at Hula's for some reason, you should always be able to find a space to park. There's plenty of spaces to sit and work with their free Wi-Fi. I particularly liike working at the "bar" that overlooks Central. Their music is kind of hipster-y, which is appreciated in a coffee shop, especially if you've spent too many days at Starbucks like I have. However, the music is a little loud in case you want a quieter place to work out of. There's also cute seating outside for a perfect weekend date coffee shop. The blanco is my favorite - sort of a white mocha concoction which I'm sure is over anyone's caloric intake for the morning, but a great drink nonetheless. They've got a ton of pastries, but unfortunately gluten free goodies every now and then. If Lola's would offer that - it would be totally perfect!
Want to live in a millon dollar urban apartment--or just borrow one for a night? The one-bedroom suites at Palms Place are a fantastic execution of sexy, sleek, classic cool. Done in muted, masculine tones, the mod digs feature addictive beds, showers-for-2 (with rainfall), a freestanding spa tub in the bedroom, plasma Tvs (with DVD), an automatic fireplace, long couch, all-stainless fully appointed kitchen, and balconies (a rarity in Sin City). And the room service is by Iron Chef America winner Kerry Simon--who also does a unique Sunday brunch downstairs. Nice details like dimmer lights throughout, Aveda amenities, and well-placed mirrors seal the deal.The spa here has a super sexy co-ed Turkish hammam.
I live close by and just placed my first order this evening - hibachi chicken.  I was very pleased with my meal...lots of nice white chicken with lots of veggies!  It came with an abundant amount of rice as well as two dipping sauces and soup.  I am so happy to have this place so close.  It is definitely my new "go to" place!!!  I think the less fanatic reviews were probably from when they first opened and had a learning curve.  Definitely worth trying!!!
Saturday specials include $2.25 domestic bottles and $3 pizza slices. Pizza slice is pretty big, not bad for 3 bucks. Place is clean with a ton of TVs. Turkado sandwich was good. Onion rings are wonderful!
I visited the Maple Leaf lounge in the domestic terminal and had a good experience. The lady at the front desk, Karen, was really helpful and spoke great French! The breakfast menu was simple, but satisfying; they had non-dairy milk options upon request (why not self-service like the rest?), which I appreciated. The only bummer to my visit was the lack of power outlets. Somehow, each chair had a lamp next to it, but no outlet available. People definitely want to charge their devices while they're waiting for their flights, and that seems like a realistic upgrade that could be made to this lounge.
Super cute spot! The deck outside has a really cool view of the lake, and you can choose your desired wine for your meal from the wine shop on the inside. It has a nice selection too! We had the escargot, beef tartare, fish of the day, the lobster croissant, and the lava cake with a great bottle of Chablis. The service was a little slow that day, but I think we were a little too tipsy to notice. Its a really great place for a date and I would love to come back again.
The whole process of working with American Home Water & Air was great! Scheduling was fast and friendly. My serviceman, Stan, called when he was supposed to, gave a window he stuck to, and worked fast. Very happy overall!The only reason this didn't get 5 stars was due to the overall scheduling strategy. I wasn't given a service window until the morning of, meaning I had to leave the day completely open. Very difficult for working folks that have to coordinate calls, meetings, etc.
This is a great place to take your pet because they truly seem to care about the well being of the animals that come through the door as well as reassuring and listening to worried pet owners.I took my cat here on a Saturday morning. We arrived about 8:45am, and were able to get into the office even though they officially do not starting seeing patients until 9am. The check in process is to have people take numbers off the front desk and wait to be called. Arriving 15 minutes early meant that we were number 14. Waited about 10 minutes to be called up and checked in. Waited about 20-30 minutes to actually be seen by a doctor. My only complaints here are the noise level and some people not paying attention to their pet in the waiting room. It is sometimes difficult to hear your pets name being called if you are on the opposite side of the waiting room and multiple dogs are barking. It is also pretty annoying that some people let their dog run up to other dogs/cats/people and let them jump up on them or otherwise get way too close. I'm pretty sure this is what but my cat even more on edge than she already was.We saw a very nice, female vet. I do not recall her name, but she was very sweet and nice to my cat who really, really did not want to be there. The vet and her tech had to use a large towel to subdue my cat because she has her claws and was not in the mood to be touched. They were both very nice to my pet and me. The vet explained what she thought was wrong and what treatment options there were. I have to be honest and say that I was so worried about my cat clawing the vets face off that I had to have her tell me the treatment options a couple of times because I wasn't listening.The physical examination was pretty limited and lasted about 10 minutes. My cat received a shot, eyedrops and vitamin "treats". For all of this I paid $105.00. I can't complain too much, but I still felt for the service it was a little expensive. However, I truly appreciate the care they give to the animals that come there.So far, my cat seems to be getting better. The pros far out weigh the cons at this vets office. They are great vets and really seem to care about both animals and humans alike.
Stopped by on Christmas Eve and the gym was pretty much empty aside from a few people on the cardio machines and a few in the weights area. The gym seems a bit out of date and I noticed a few broken cardio machines. My boyfriend & I only came here to get a quick workout sessions with the weights what we didn't really like was the fact that there was only one power rack and one squat rack. Both happen to be taken so we were working out nearby waiting for one to finally free up. Aside from that it has everything you would need to get your workout done. Workers here were really friendly, greeted & said bye to us. Wouldn't mind coming back in the future if we were in the area.
Just tried this place for the first time and enjoyed it! I had the tofu red curry and my husband had the spicy fried rice. Overall a great new place!
The food was awesome! Very moist meat and the topping were all fresh and full of flavor. I also got a side of the fries and a shake. The fries were crispy and lightly salted. Very tasty. I got the butterfingers shake and it was thick with just the right amount of butterfinger pieces in it. The only thing that was slightly lacking was service. Our waiter was very friendly and knowledgable, however when we asked for extras (ketchup, ranch etc...) it did take awhile before she came back with them. It also too her awhile to get me a refill on my drink. Other than that it was great and everyone was very friendly!
Bought my new certified preowned car from Berge Ford and had a good experience.  I was treated well and not high pressure sales. Found exactly what I was looking for. I would buy again from here.  Salesman was Mel Palmer, he even bought us sandwiches when the deal took us past dinner!
D's is just a great place to hang out. We biked here that single nice day in April and had lunch. The atmosphere is very chill, and the servers just wait on whoever needs help, which is cool. I am not a beer drinker but the beer cave is so impressive! I'm sure I could have found something special but wasn't in a browsing mood. Another thing, when I heard "dogs" I thought great - not veg friendly! But mistaken! They had tons of veg options! Not only veggie dogs are offered, but they have a great hummus platter, salads and more! I LOVED the hummus... so tasty! All in all, a great experience! I would love to come back and watch a daytime game here and grab a tasty bite!
Cash only! I have been enjoying Lee's for probably a decade and am still a fan. The meat quality is not the very highest but their fresh made croissants and baguettes will have you coming back for more. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating, not the quickest but can get you in and out for lunch. Great pastry options for purchase and their Thai iced coffee will keep you going all day. A sandwich, chips, and soda will land you around $11, not bad!
I had heard great things about downtown food - a self described modern bistro on 8th. While it doesn't necessarily strike me as a 'bistro' - it was a lovely place for lunch on a cloudy and windy Tuesday! I was surprised that the restaurant wasn't very busy - good lunch places are hard to come by - but those that take reservations are even more special. This part of 8th Ave (between 5th and 6th Street) is still developing, and maybe that is why it is still possible to get a reservation at 12 only a day or two in advance! But regardless of location, this place is worth a visit.My colleague and I decided to share the Kam Saw Ham Nee Dah Burger (featuring DTF famous 777 bacon) and the Bacon Salad (featuring more of the DTF famous 777 bacon!). The kitchen went that extra step and served the burger as two mini burgers for us - a touch you don't often see when sharing a meal. The burger was DELICIOUS and a salad featuring bacon is ok in my books any day!We had a lovely little server, easily excited by our choice of dishes. The ambiance was also pleasant - not so empty you feel that other guests are listing to your every word, but not so loud that you lose your voice by the end of the meal. And the nice white chairs are very comfortable.So go on, make your reservation for DTF and order the burger with the name you can't pronounce. Do it - do it now!--L
Being a born and raised Mexican I must say this is as FRESH and homemade as it gets. Starting with the salsas that are made daily from scratch, the AMAAAAAZING and unique horchata I'd gladly buy gallons of, and surprisingly fresh and SO tasty salads..i just cant get enough of doña Celina's cooking. She is the sweetest and warm owner that welcomes everyone like family. Plus they have raspados (snow cones) and elote en vasito (corn in a cup) to die for!!!. I am officially the biggest fan and Id gladly direct everyone looking for AUTHENTIC MEXICAN food!!
Was in town town for a concert and have friends that live here and we're raving about baguette cafe. I was so excited I started reading the menu on the plane so I knew I was going to try  the raisin pastry (sorry don't know the French name for it). It was perfectly crispy flaky on the outside with just a touch of custard running through curves. So good that I want one right now. We also tried the plain croissant and apricot croissant. I would definitely order the plain croissant. But I would pass on the apricot - it wasn't bad, but not nearly as good as the the other two. We ordered the quiche with pancetta. The flavor and the crust were amazing the only thing that held me back from a 5 star was the texture. It was so creamy (do they use cream cheese?)that at first I thought it was undercooked. It was still good - just was a little odd - but change is good right? The owners are from France and are the nicest! I'm so glad we don't have one of these in my neighborhood - because I wouldn't be able to resist dropping in every day!
I've only been here during their late evening happy hour from 10-2 AM but this is a great spot for some food and drinks. Usually I order their flatbread pizzas or quesadillas which are both pretty good in my opinion, though the flatbread pizzas seem to be better. They have a great drinks selection of course and is a great spot for happy hour due to the atmosphere. It's nice to be able to hang out and relax here.Outside of happy hour this review might be different, but from simply reviewing their happy hour I can say that I'm a fan.
Cant complain. Very good food at the typical price you would expect to pay for a place with some weird food combo's. Never a bad idea to go to joes farm grill.
Very decent sushi and Thai in SolonThe bento box was great for the price. It came with two small Thai rolls with a Thai chili sauce for dipping, fried rice or lo mein, a 4-piece California roll, and (I chose) chicken teriyaki. It also included a salad or soup. The teriyaki chicken and vegetables in the bento box were very good. The chicken seemed to be freshly chopped off of whole breasts and there was an impressive amount of vegetables (carrots, broccoli, onions, mushrooms and zucchini) included.After a little negotiation I was able to substitute the included California roll for an up-charge. The salad was swimming in dressing and could possibly be confused as lettuce & carrot soup. I had to request chopsticks, and they were the absolute cheapest chopsticks they could buy.I also ordered a Mama Roll off their 'special maki roll' menu. After I left I took a to-go menu with me and found they have a lot more sushi options than what was included on the lunch menu. If you are here for sushi you may wish to ask for a menu that contains more of the sushi options.Both maki rolls were good. The raw fish was fresh and the rice was very good. It included a very small amount of unimpressive wasabi and pickled ginger. They did fashion my wasabi into a little leaf shape which was neat though.I saw three servers serving about 16 people at 7 tables. The servers seemed to bounce back and forth between tables so I assume tips are shared. When my food was delivered the one server asked me if I wanted some low-sodium ketchup; he meant soy sauce, and that mildly amused me.The whole restaurant seemed pretty clean. The men's restroom was dimly lit, but clean.Overall, I had a very good experience and will definitely return.
Clean.  Hip.  Casual. Contemporary.  Decorated by Ikea.Good stopping point on the way home.
Great happy hour deals! Service was attentive, food was good. Beef tongue was exceptional. Hope that the grill was not too sticky (GyuKaku has better grill). You get a free dessert when posting a review on Yelp.
OK people Blush is not a club at all but a lounge. So if you are looking for the mega Vegas club experience, I would go to Tryst instead.But I had a good time at Blush. It was a cute lil spot in the Wynn where it's not super crowded like the bigger places and it's a nice spot to stop by at before headin' to Tryst. And just like Tryst, it has that indoor/outdoor motif so you can either dance inside the club or go outside to the patio and smoke a cig. Hey my BF and I didn't have to pay cover here or at Tryst and got walked up to the front of the line so regardless, we had fun. Yeah we had to go outside to sit down for awhile but while we cooled down we also got to gamble! Music was okay - they would have spurts of bad music mixed with the good but oh well. I was too drunk to care and when I didn't like it, I just went out to gamble and came back in when the music picked up.
Simple and short - cant beat a place that brews its own beer.  The Scottsdale location is great, usually really quiet with good service, and they have pretty good food for a bar.  Fish and chips are surprisingly really good, so are the chicken fingers (I'm sorry I like late night finger food)Their beers are great with a great selecion, from chocolates to very hoppy to wheaty to heffs to the oh so yummy AZ peach.  Also, you can take home big jugs with fresh tap beer if you want for a pretty good price, always good if you're lookin to continue your good time at home
A pretty nice lounge/nightclub with a variety of seating options.  If you get there early, you can grab a comfortable couch in the back.  They play music at the usual loud levels, but you can still hold a conversation back in the lounge area.  Good music selection and DJ.
I love this place. It's like being in your neighbors home. I love Letty - she always table touches and remembers each guest. I really love an owner who cares. And that
What a little gem this place turned out to be! From the outside it doesn't look like much but when you enter it is has an intimate feel about it. Almost like a Jazz house. The place is a little small but don't let it fool you, by 9 p.m. that place gets packed! I look forward to returning in the future for their local jazz/blues nights.
4 stars for food, 5 stars for service.Ordered a grilled cheese with chorizo, I ended up getting some additional toppings that I didn't ask for (refried beans and hot sauce). I spoke to the staff and he apologized and was happy  to make me a new sandwich. To make up for the inconvenience, he brought me a cup of watermelon juice for free. The sandwich itself was good. Also ordered the steak eggs on fries. Eggs on anything is good but I thought it was a bit bland tasting. Everything was made to order so it took a little longer than your typical fast food joint. Overall, it was a decent meal, would come back again if I was in the area.
The egg drop soap and orange chicken is great!! It seems the decor could be updated especially the bathroom. Definitely would go back!!
I like their variety appetizers plate and the sweet and sour pork specially for the amount of food you get for the prize, but like any other Chinese place you can taste the grease that's been used over and over again. I loved their crab Ragoon which they didn't over fry as most places do. The service was OK and it wasn't crowded I did see that a lot of the orders are for pick up so maybe that's why you don't see a lot of people inside the restaurant.
I love the ambiance and the service.  I especially love that vegan options are specified on the menu, so it's easy to dine there with my meat-eating friends. The food is good, my favorite is the veg out wrap and the red chili glazed sweet potato (I love sweet and savory foods).I'll be back to try the complete menu and ill update my review accordingly.
This is our first stay at South Point.  We usually stay at another casino while in Vegas away from the Strip. However, this year we were unable to book room at the other casino and decided on South Point mainly for cost and availability.  First, the room at South Point was bigger than expected.  However, the furniture and room decorations are less modern.  The same with the pool area.  On the better side, we loved the coupons for free drinks and discounts that were provided by the hotel.  We enjoyed the Steak and  Shake, the late-late night Steak and Eggs, and the gaming.  Overall, South Point served us well and exceeded our expectations.
The wet burritos and horchatas are delicious. The fajitas left us desiring more but overall good.
It's great to have a meat-n-three place that's not your typical BBQ restaurant.  I've been here 3 times and have always liked my side dishes.  The creamed corn had strings in it, but that was my only complaint.  I agree with a previous reviewer about the pie crust - not my preferred kind.  I do, however, love the biscuits and cornbread.Portions are reasonable and so are prices.
Hands down one of the best bars in Charlotte. Tucked away in a small side street in 4th ward, Alexander Michael's is the quintessential neighborhood bar.  Good solid, good drinks, and great company.
We thought the food was good & fresh. The server was nice, but not very attentive. The iced tea tastes a little dirty so I would order a different drink next time. We tried a German pancake and it was delicious!  The biscuits & gravy were really good and they have nice thick bacon.
Great hang out spot. Their burgers are some of my favorites! Their churros are great, too. Open late. Cheap. Taco Tuesday friendly! Ask for a quad burger or a triple del! They'll add patties onto the burgers for an extra charge.
Indeed, you're correct!  Thai places are a dime a dozen, but Panna may just be what you're craving.  Do you have a hankering for spicy eggplant, wait dumplings did I hear you whisper?!  Something extra spicy aka hellaciously hot is what you wish for- go ahead and let them know when you order:)  Please opt for a fried rice, yes I do always opt for the pineapple fried rice.  Hell, if it's not broke don't fix it! Insert wink emoji here please! I add snow peas into one.  Please note the picture I posted this time around:)Meats are succulent and scallops are always cooked accordingly!  Panna provides one with traditional & distinctive Thai in all levels.  Panna is the spot on place for to devour bowls of curry! So hurry!
One of my favorite places for tacos and margaritas. They seat you fast and it's great for a group. A lot of their food is on the sweet side which isn't my favorite but get the shrimp and ahi tuna tacos. THEY. ARE. SO. GOOD. Also 2 tacos is plenty, I usually can't finish the second one. The pomegranate marg and the one with blood orange  so yummy. Loving coming to this place
Ordered togo today of bun bo hue and bot chien trung. The broth for the bun bo hue was yummy! The bot chien trung was great too, but I was hoping the sauce could be more tangy with the usual vinegar taste made specifically for that dish. Otherwise, I enjoyed the food!
First try, was quite decent. The drinks are unique (ask them for Margaritta advice)  and the food was tasty. I couldn't find anything wrong with the service either, definitely going back to perform further studies!!
Great service awesome food and our hostess Amanda was amazing definitely our new breakfast spot
Excellant food. Not greasy like a lot of other Asian places. Warm, cozy and clean place. Very reasonable. Everything $8-11. Excellant service. Bowl portions are large and plates are enough for good appetite. My first time having Vietnamese and will definitely be back.
Small menu but I liked it. Good margaritas. Really really big tacos, not those tiny street tacos. The fish taco was delicious!
Came here with friends and enjoyed the short ribs which were delicious.  The decor was classy.  Didn't seem like a big restaurant.  Nice, but unassuming.  Local crowd that enjoys a good meal and good company.  Not a Scottsdale vibe which can get old.  Will come back,
Bouquet wasn't accurate, but made an impact. I can't imagine all flowers are available in all seasons.  It was also same day delivery.  I would use again.
We got a GO Room with a Strip View and were so impressed! It was a really nice room. PLUS, it is such a good value! Last time we stayed at Caesar's Palace, and this was actually better. The upsides: we had a view of the fountains at Bellagio and the Paris eiffel tower -- so cool:), there was a nice lounge/love seat for admiring the view from the floor to ceiling windows, there was a fridge and coffee maker, clean and very comfy bed and pillows, modern and nice tv, bathroom, etc., super-easy access from room to strip (you did not have to walk far) and perfect strip location, the pool was laid-back, fun and big -- We loved it! The one slight downside is it's a bit older casino, but it is not run down, and it was nice to have access to the food court -- for late night snacks or non-expensive food choices. We try to stay in different places each time we head to Vegas, but this was such a nice room, location and amazing value, we may have to come again!
We came in late after a show, but were seated promptly next to an informative couple who were happy to review their dishes for us. I had an excellently prepared steak frites, cooked to perfection with a savory-tangy butter sauce on top. Loved the steak, while fries were passable. Meal started with an escarole salad with lardon and egg on top. Tender and flavorful. For dessert we split a lemon tart. Excellent - tangy with a crunchy crust. While service was passable, the waiter was not inclined to elaborate on the menu. When asked about the Croque Madame, he replied "it's a ham and cheese sandwich." In a French bistro, the authentic preparation, including mornay sauce and homemade brioche, probably warrants more of a discussion. My friend's entree was a lackluster preparation of lamb. All in all, while in Las Vegas, I would consider this Thomas Keller restaurant if you never plan to visit the Napa location.
En entrant chez nous, c'est clair que je meuble mes apparts avec du IKEA, presque exclusivement. Si c'est pas IKEA, c'est parce que je me suis fais donner un morceau par quelqu'un d'autre. On peut donc dire que je suis une fan d'IKEA.En fait, beaucoup de mes amis ont les même meubles et décorations que moi à cause de ça, mais bon, c'est ce qu'il arrive quand on va tous magasiner au même endroit. Dans le fond, j'ai juste à aller ailleurs si je veux être originale....mais j'aime trop les meubles, les lignes simples de leur design, les couleurs qui s'agencent facilement et le prix qui fait du sens.Toutefois, je ne suis pas une fan de la foule de la fin de semaine remplie de poussettes, de petits enfants qui courent partout et des énormes paniers qui bloquent les allées. J'aime mieux y aller un mardi avant-midi, par exemple, quand je peux prendre mon temps et ne pas perdre patience.
You get a 4 star. This is a good place to have a basic salty dinner and cocktails. I mean, it feels good but I'm not sure what else is exceptional here. Mule on tap, do you even know what that means? No time for bartenders to make my drink.
It's the perfect snack during the night if you get hungry. Good pizza. Portion is huge.
I'll begin by stating my reason for not giving them the full 5 star review. The floors were dangerously slippery. Ok now that we've covered the only negative from our experience I'd like to describe how amazingly delicious our food was. The customer service is outstanding and they greet you as soon as you set foot in the restaurant. The aromas will smack you in the face the moment you walk in and you'll notice the hard working chef juggling phone calls and tasting his food assuring it's just right!  I ordered the small Curry Chicken and it was PERFECT! Not overpowering and tender and flavorful! The potatoes and carrots were so good that I wish I had ordered the large portion. The Ox Tail has nothing to be envious of as it was EXCELLENT! The presentation is beautiful and the quality of food is evident after your very first bite. The Chef will check on you to make sure you're enjoying the meal which is an indication of how focused they are with satisfying their customers. Without a doubt I will return and recommend to anyone craving some authentic, delicious, affordable Jamaican food.
Dive bar/jazz jam? I'm there!There's a lot of solid bar food here, and some nice outdoor seating, but the real kicker is the open jam session. It's a nice change to have a session at a place where the venue isn't some dumpy dungeon-like space. Not to say that tiny cramped jazz spots aren't hip or anything, but it's good to see that this college town can maintain an event like this.OK and an extra star because I met some life-long friends at the session too... really chill people come here. Gotta love the vibe.
Good food nice ambiance but a little pricey for what it is
It was really good, as always. We had three rolls left with one to two pieces on each and they wanted to charge us extra. I've eaten at many sushi restaurants. I get it, I do, it didn't help our third person was missing at the end of our meal and we were stuffed! We had to eat two more pieces each to not get charged. Not cool to be that stuffed! Then they were like hey you want dessert? No I want to throw up because you forced me to eat! But the food is really good
We ordered delivery from Barros and got an XL pepperoni and 24 wings. The pizza here is AMAZING! It's hard to go anywhere else, get pizza, and say it's good after eating Barro's. The whole pizza, cheese, sauce, crust, pepperoni, and spices make this pizza extremely tasty. Again, I cannot reiterate how good it tastes. The wings, were meh, and a little soggier than what I prefer. The buffalo sauce tasted good, but I think the wings would be better if the either fried them or baked them a little longer. I wanted to give them 5 stars overall but feel all items should be up to par to earn this rating. The wings need a little work but were not bad. The pizza is for sure 5 stars. The price is decent too.
Overall great stay. It is very pricey to stay here. But to me its worth it. People at the pool are very picky. Club was fun. Buffet was good just remember to get the players cars. One negative is a driver named aura he's a jerk and a hustler!!! Palms should get rid of him.
Don't come here if you need do buy DRANOOr something for your kid, like Lego or PLAYDOUGHOr if you're from Dallas (or Mesquite or PLANO)But if you want yummy pastries, get down to SPANOWHAT.Owned by Jessie Spano, from Saved By The Bell. If you Nomi, then you know I feel very Malone in the world.Pretty awesome old style European bakery in the heart of the West Side Market in Cleveland. Service wasn't great and I had to wait quite a few minutes for the person to come back. But that's okay because I managed to give Piccadilly's Ice Cream a try while I was waiting. Once the worker did come back, she acted like she didn't like me very much... but her pastries were pretty good, so I have no reservations in awarding four stars to this cheap and delicious little Bakery.
It's one of the only places I like for burritos. They have lots of ingredients and choices. I think it is a bit expensive but one small burrito fills me up fine. I would recommend it even though not many people know about it or like it that much.
Hey, who ever rated these Dr. Low has some issues, step in filled out very little paper work, saw the nurse within 5 minutes back to the waiting area and was in at no more then 10 after.  Fast for how many people  were there.  Keep an opened mind everyone it's an urgent care facility not your local pub. Oh and anyone who rates something as a 1is just pissed anyways, no help to those kind of people!!!!!
Great place, decent prices! Has a good stock of supplies and the staff is very knowledgable.
Thin crust pizza done correctly in the oven and a host of nice wines. The only crap thing was the music. Didn't go with the environment at all. Since I'm moving to this hood a year from now will go back. Amazing pizza.
Definitely the only table of grey haired tourists there so perhaps I offer a different perspective than other diners.But, maybe not so different.   Like most of the reviewers, a solid four stars.It looks like a "joint" from the outside, and the inside is modest. Prices are modest, too.The oysters and beers are a bargain, which even a well-healed traveler can appreciate.The Pork Belly Kim Chi was excellent.  Perhaps could have been spicier for some, but very much to my taste, and the pork belly was like butter but better.  Ceviche very generous and well prepared.  I spend a fair amount of time in Peru so have had it many ways and this preparation is very good.Asparagus tempura was crisp and not overdone.  On a par with that at Raku, a truly great, more expensive Las Vegas restaurant.  The Shrimp & Jalapeño Hush Puppies were not exceptional.  Good enough, not expensive.The Rib Eyes were very good, but steak is steak.So the boil down-  the staff is wonderful.  Enthused and friendly.  Because it was late and they were out of the Foie Gras (seems not the first time) we were treated to a round of drinks.  That was above what I expected and it was appreciated.The food is sometimes a bit cutting edge and that is admirable.  It is refreshing to leave the convention halls and mega hotels and see a chef really working at his craft.  The place is not a bases loaded home run but a lot of fun, a bit audacious, a solid three bagger.  Go with an open mind and you will really enjoy it.
Five friends and I went for a bachelorette party and had a lot of fun!  We each had our own pole (it was a weekend afternoon) and the instructor was very good.  I highly recommend the class.I cannot leave five stars because I had booked a package deal when I originally made my reservation.  The package included a drink at the class and tickets to Chippendales.  To get the tickets we were told to obtain vouchers at the Stripper 101 class and take the vouchers to Rio to get the actual tickets to Chippendales.  I was assured that there would be no problem getting tickets to any show that weekend and that we would have front, or close to front, row seats.  We finished the class and headed straight to Rio.  I called along the way wondering if I could book on the phone and save the cab money.  The woman on the phone said there were no 6 seats together for any show and that I needed to come to the Rio to see what seats we could still get.  The Rio box office attendant was able to get us six tickets together (luckily) but they were not at the front at all and they were on a different night and at a different time than we had been planning.  It's unfortunate the way this "deal" was organized.  I called months ahead for this reservation and ended up with not very good seats and had to rearrange our plans last minute (not to mention needing to take a taxi to and from Rio just to pick up the tickets).
As far as spring training goes, this stadium was very much like the rest of the city of Surprise: new, clean and welcoming. I checked out the game yesterday between the "hometown" Texas Rangers and the Chicago White Sox, and it seemed like half of the town of Surprise was there. The grass area was well kept (some of the greenest grass I've seen in the Valley) and the facilities were in tip-top shape. The only complaint is the usual stadium bummers: high prices, big crowds and lack of efficient parking (although it was free, so that's a serious plus). A really nice place to check out a game.
Went here during a weekday happy hour..appetizers were great! I had wings, pierogies and sauteed veggies.  Wasn't a huge fan of the frozen cosmo (too bitter for me) but we enjoyed the atmosphere!
We frequent the (AZ) Ave location and decided to try this one a try. The layout is weird. Kind of like a maze how it has two separate dining areas. I don't know why but the area where the drink machine was seemed super hot. I think the kitchen was right off that area. But not sure. Wings were hot, crispy, and tasty. Everything was good. It threw me off when I asked the girl if we got a free soda since we ordered the ATL fries with our 18 wings, and she said "not today"? But other than that, the girls were nice. Food came out fast and it was clean.
Really good coffee and not a pretentious place. Baristas are very nice. The location gets pretty noisy and its not a place to go and hang out or do work. But it is one of the best coffee spots I've found in Vegas.
Small location with highly professional staff. Lots of gift options and an impressive case full of single pieces like truffles, dipped fruit, and clusters.The menu includes Godiva soft serve and their Truffelata beverages. I had an assortment of truffles which were all delicious.A little pricey, but for Godiva quality, I don't mind. My only complaint is the lack of seating. The soft serve looked amazing, but it would melt taking two steps outside into the Vegas heat. A couple of chairs along the window would be an excellent addition.
Went to the Thai Style Noodle House for lunch today with a couple friends, (one of who is a regular there). He's addicted to the beef noodle soup, so naturally, I had to try it out as well. The first thing I noticed about this little place was the Tshirts pinned to the wall, so cheesy and SO THAI! Of course we were greeted warmly with the never fail big Thai smile from the hostess that I've come to expect from the Thais when I meet them.There were computer printout menu items with pictures scattered around the walls as well, and coupled with the Thai TV programming and Tshirts, I was reminded of a typical Thai noodle shop one can find all over Thailand.....(sigh, I miss you).I noticed on one of the printouts a picture of Penang Curry with avocado. One of my buddies wanted that, and when I mentioned to the waitress that he was a vegetarian, she quickly produced a completely separate vegetarian menu. That was cool, although he stuck with the avocado Penang curry with tofu. He ordered it at #9 of 10 in spiciness.My noodle soup arrived and was promptly devoured and washed down with a Thai iced tea. The broth was hearty, the noodles soft, and there was a large chunk of baby bok choy, and plenty of bean sprouts to compliment the meatballs and sliced beef. I thought the soup could've used a touch of cilantro, but it was very good and well balanced. I also tasted some of the avocado Penang which I thought would be too hot for my tastes, but turned out to be just right. The flavor was full, yet balanced and the tofu & avocado with the coconut & curry worked well together. The portions here are large, and overall it was a good value for the money. I look forward to returning to explore the other menu items and hopefully finding another Thai gem for my palate.
This is a new restaurant at Seafood City.  The line is incredibly long and the seating is over crowded, but the food is good.  I really like the concept.  Being a new restaurant there are a lot of kinks they still need to work out.  The demand for the BBQ here is crazy.  Long lines, people complain about the long line, but you can only grill at a certain speed.  They could order three more grills and it would still be packed.   Give them some time and it hopefully they get it all dialed in.  We NEED a good Filipino BBQ joint in Las Vegas.  Please.
Visited here on 06/05/14.This shop is located in the Forum Shoppes in Caesar's.Samples of everything from the bars to the toffees to the caramels to the truffles.*Pinch Me Cause I Am In Chocolate Heaven*The sales staff knows their products, inside and out. They are friendly, encourage tastings, offer suggestions without being pushy, offer free shipping or cold packs (depending on your needs), offer extra gift bags so that you can present your gifts in true Vosges style.Beautiful packages for incredible chocolates.I walked away with peanut butter bonbons, 5 small boxes of caramels, 2 bacon chocolate pigs and a Mexican hot chocolate for $44.00. I was pleasantly surprised at the price and knew I had done well for the quality of my purchases.My Hot Mexican Chocolate was to die for as well.Definitely will seek their website out when I need to send chocolates and will make a point to visit them on my return trip to Vegas in the late fall.A must stop at shop if you appreciate good chocolate!
Have only been here twice but good place to grab a drink and the pho and Vietnamese rolls were pretty tasty, although I would say this is a bonus to being in the bar - not the reason to go here. Pizza is just there but frankly I didn't go for pizza either. Owner is very friendly and works hard for her business! But as others note - this is first and foremost a bar.
Great place for a quick bar bite! My coworkers and I went there for drinks on a Friday evening. The service was great and the food was good. The spinach dip, the wings, and the sweet potato fries were amazing. I will definitely head back there when I get a chance.
Delicious drinks and some of them come with a bit of a show (liquid nitrogen and hand-chiseled ice cubes, etc)! I wouldn't recommend coming here for beer. Stick to the cocktails and you will be very happy. The space is a bit awkward for seating, especially on Friday and Saturday evenings when Gib's gets very busy. I think this is a good spot for a drink before or after dinner in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't make it a destination for the night. For one, you may not find anywhere to park yourself and hang out for the evening if Gib's is busy. Second, the drinks are pricey, so you're looking at an expensive evening if you come for more than a drink or two. They do have a happy hour, but it only applies to a few of their cocktails. Try the curry popcorn, you won't be disappointed.The bartenders are very friendly and even give you samples if you ask nicely!
I finally found a nail salon that offers professional and courteous service.  I was a walk-in and was greeted right away, I signed in and was escorted to AMY.  At first I wasn't sure about it but it turned out great!  Amy did my nails exactly how I like them.  The salon is very pretty, clean, modern and relaxing.  The only reason I gave it four stars is because it's a bit more expensive than other salon's in town.  Amy was fast and thorough.  When I checked out at the front desk my info was already in their system and I booked my next appt.  The nail salon I had been going to (Polished) was no longer doing the good job and offering the good service they used to.  I had a great experience at Professor Nail and Spa.  I loved it!!!
Really great atmosphere! The first board came + escape room place that I've been to and it has the Wii, Rock Band, etc. Will definitely be coming back! :)
I've been to this restaurant 3 times recently with my boyfriend. I've had the chicken pad thai each time; he's had the curry chicken and cashew chicken. We've both enjoyed everything we've had there. The restaurant has always been rather quiet, which makes it a pleasant place for conversation, and is pleasantly decorated. Not 5 stars because the service is a bit slow and the spiciness levels seem to vary drastically ("medium' has meant both "just a hint of spiciness" and "so spicy it burns."Overall, a solid restaurant and one that I'll probably return to regularly.
My first trip to Kaya was out of sheer Monday night dinner desperation.  Having found that our first two restaurant choices were closed, my boyfriend and I headed aimlessly toward the Strip District.  We were both getting pretty hungry and frustrated at this point (our fault...should have used the mobile Yelp app to look up restaurant hours!).  We'd both heard good things about Kaya, so we decided to give it a shot.We arrived right in time for Happy Hour (5-7pm, Monday thru Friday).  I promptly ordered a pomegranate martini...good flavor, but I found it to be a little weak.  My boyfriend and I were able to grab two seats at the bar, so we decided to order our food there as opposed to waiting 30-45 mins for a table.  I went with the Jamaican Green Curry Vegetables, while my boyfriend ordered the Fish Tacos.  By this time, the Happy Hour crowd had begun to clear out, and our food arrived quickly.I really enjoyed my Jamaican green curry.  It had a much different flavor than the green curry I typically order at Thai restaurants, but was very tasty.  It was served with some fluffy saffron rice.  The bf loved his crispy fish tacos, which was great because the portion size was large.  I tried a bite myself and had a bit of food envy.  Next time!I found Kaya to be my favorite of the Big Burrito restaurants that I've been to.  I can't wait to go back and sample a few more items from the menu.  Although my boyfriend and I had been tired and frustrated when we first walked in the door, we found that our mood had been greatly improved by our overall experience here.  Thanks Kaya!
The service was so awesome, and the coffee was great as always. My Mom can be very difficult with her selection process, but the barista remained friendly, professional and pleasant.When I'm in Charlotte, I'll definitely be back!
Great food but service was a little slow but they comped the appetizer we had ordered. will definitely be coming back here.
First time staying here since they reopened. Very retro 50's vibe: very quiet and relaxing. Great pool area because there are no "slides, lazy river, etc" so mostly adults. Staff was very attentive. Bar menu: food is too eclectic. Throw some standards on there! I can tell you: room service food: horrible. Breakfast was bland, requested syrup twice for pancakes, never got it. For the price, you expect better. That said, wouldn't hesitate to come here again.
Of all the sandwich franchises Phoenix, this is hands down my favorite. Slightly more expensive than most the others in this segment, but that extra $2 is worth it.
Most beautiful location.  The food was great.  I had salmon with orange sauce.   The salmon was done perfectly.  My friend had a veal dish and he was equally pleased with his meal.   One of the better restaurants on the area.
I'd give the sushi a 3, atmosphere and location a 4, and service a 4- however I went during the week, and it was not busy at all. Seems like a very cool place for sake bombs and embarrassing karaoke nights. Overall, not bad at all!
NOTE: HEIST STOPPED DOING UNLIMITED/BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS DURING BRUNCH! :( I was super bummed yesterday when we brought our friend visiting from India for brunch. They only now serve single mimosa glasses for $5 or pitchers for $12. Sunday brunch includes: buffet, an a la carte entree, and sides. I have been here a couple of times for brunch and we love the buffet food and waffles, the entree can be a hit or miss depending on how crowded it is. I usually stick with the chicken and the egg entree, the shrimp and grits are good too but, the gravy has pork in it. Yes, it is a little pricey, but its worth it. My favorite buffet item: mussels with white wine butter sauce! The sausage gravy and flatbreads are also very good. The servers are always very attentive and nice. This is definitely a try at least once despite the price. Spencer, the GM, is great and very accommodating. He will make sure that you have a wonderful experience at Heist. We will be back on occasion but, still bummed about the bottomless mimosas. This is not the place for you if you are dieting. Make reservations! The wait is always at least 30 minutes.
Went here with my girlfriend for a casual lunch. Great food, great price. Will definitely come bak if I am in the area.
My mother and stepdad are full time homeowners at Cotton Lane Resort and asked that I post this review as they don't belong to Yelp. We have lived at Cotton Lane RV Park for 13 years. We all have gone thru many changes in the park. One of the best changes is the new Office Manager, Sheila Ellis Leonard. She is a delight, and she is bright, pleasant and loves her job, and it shows. She always greets everyone with a smile and she does her job efficiently. She makes sure she fulfills all of our needs and requests, and makes sure to follow-through and keep us updated. Who could ask for more? Also, the new owners have improved our park in so many ways, we are very thankful. They also are a blessing, and our park is now a standout because of them, and it is exciting to know that there is more to come!
For a 24 hr place it was a very pleasant experience. The person at the front didn't notice me for a very, very, very long time... Ok, so it's not Starbucks. Then, I asked her about the pastries, and she's basically like "Well, is that what the tag says? I can't see it?" Ok the tag said just "dairy" and I found out those were their non-vegan selections... She turned it around and was lovely. The lack of a star is because I was expecting more food choices. The outside seating was nice and clean. I wasn't able to sleep and that place was somewhere to go and just write and think. If I was vegan, I would have probably stayed longer and had plenty of food choices. I have vegan friends who struggle so I see what it feels like.
I really enjoyed their food (there way better then china kings dim sum). Way bigger selection of dumplings and everything looks cleaner. The place is super busy but the fungi area is big so there is not a long wait. The price is very responsible and 2 ppl can eat for under 30 at least during lunch time.
Qualité prix est excellent. C'est toujours  un plaisir de croquer dans leur sandwich extra viandes.  Un sandwich savoureux et remplie sa fonction principale, nous remplir le ventre.  Quand je passe dans le coin, il faut que j'en achète!
This review is for their location on 10431 N. 19th Ave, Phoenix, AZ  60-997-1007Me and my office mate finally tried this location - we both ordered hot subs.  I got the Ham and Cheese and she ordered the Turkey Breast.  I LOVED this sandwich, the bread they use is very tasty - perfect crunch after being heated.  Ham/Cheese and all he fixins were perfect in my book.  I will go back and try the pizza by the slice.  I also like their fries - seasoned steak fries. This location is in a very small and old strip mall next to a dollar store.  Inside is very clean and staff is friendly. We went during lunch hours and it wasn't too busy.   Very filling and the sandwich size and flavor was perfect and i thought the cost was reasonable.
I went here once when it first opened, and it was a little off the mark. Now a days its Tommys, like you expect, but cleaner than most, as its still pretty new. Don't let them forget your fork on those chili fries to go.
The waiter helped cook for you, but the meats were all so tender! A lot of food for a good price, and the atmosphere was fun. Felt like I was in the streets of Korea was pretty cool!
If you're strolling the streets of the Grand Canal at the Venetian, then you need gelato. This is the place in Vegas to get gelato. It's the perfect space to stop, rest and have a treat.I was impressed by the selection. I'm picky about gelato. I actually prefer the sorbetto and this place had a good selection of both. I got cherry and pear sorbetto and it was delicious. It had so much flavor.Sure, this place is ridiculously expensive, but what isn't in Vegas? But you're on vacation so stop and have some great gelato under the clouds of the Piazza San Marco.
Great paninis!  We had a group lunch and the paninis were brought in.  I had the Italian and the Pacific.  The Italian, for me, lacked some spice.  I would prefer if there was roasted red peppers as well as tomato slices.  I really like the Pacific 'cos of the mixture of flavours of the smoked salmon, artichokes, capers, red onion and spinach.  It combined really well and was fantastic!  I would like to try their breakfast items one day.
This review is for 4.5 stars.I had a great experience at Hobak.  Even after months of being open, the lines are always incredible.  There will be a wait and they do not take reservations, just just be aware.  But once you get to the table you have a perfect meal with tons of food at a reasonable price.  This is a great venue to take friends from out of town, the family, or even as a date night.  We had the pork and beef marinated platter.  Cooked for us to perfection, this is for sure not a "2 person" plate like the menu states.  With drinks and bonchon, this is easily a 3 person, or probably a 4 person platter.  They have the typical soju as well.  Service was good and the waiter was actually talking it up as he was cooking so it wasn't awkward or anything which is nice at a place like this.My main issue with Hobak was that it was Americanized.  They didn't have many of the sauces and bonchon options that you would see at a more authentic place and instead stood firm with sriracha as their hot sauce and bok choy as their veggie. COme here for a top Korean BBQ experience in Vegas.  These places have become hot lately and are popping up all over, but Hobak is still right up their in the top 3 for sure.
Great neighborhood hang out! Definitely a locals place and usually packed on evenings and weekends. Decent craft beer selection with a couple dozen on draft and several bottle selections too. Food is also very good but typical bar fare.
This was a nice little find. We got a huge vegetable crepe for breakfast and 2 cappuccinos and 1 macaroon for $17. It was really good! I just gave it 4/5 because the wait was a little long because they were understaffed. But really good!
This is a cute place in the downtown area of Champaign. It is always busy on the weekends and the service is good. My only issue was that the menu was kind of all over the place. There was traditional bar food mixed in with Thai as well as pasta dishes. Just didn't seem coherent to me I guess. Overall, it was a good experience.
Prime rib California cut, which is a smaller cut, was very good and I actually ate it all! Starter salad was just okay with a standard dressing for everyone of a thousand islands flavor. Got mine with a baked potato instead of mashed potatoes. However, minus one star for such a slooooooow service on a Saturday evening! They should be used to large groups and the busy weekend crowd!
I went there on last Saturday, the food was so good but the varieties of the food wasn't that much. It cost me 24 something for dinner. The services was good. Most of The oysters was fresh but not all of it.
I was walking and noticed this cafe shop in the distance.  It was cold out and a few other places hadn't opened yet so I stopped in to get a bite to eat. The place is similar to a Starbucks. The had a handwritten menu of items they sold such as meaty sandwiches, grilled cheese, muffins, coffee,  latte's etc. I ordered a latte and asked if they had caramel  (Lol) the lady said no. The sandwiches looked good and fresh but they were pretty big. I asked the lady if they serve half sizes, she said no so I ordered a grilled cheese instead. My latte was made right in front of me and served hot. The grilled cheese was ready about 3min later and was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had! As others came in I noticed several customers ordered grilled cheese sandwiches also. If you're in the area check them out.
Almost every time I come to Vegas I stay here because its perfect for what I'm looking for in my Vegas adventure. I come here to get outside and enjoy myself or go gambling until 9am without having to sell a kidney and I get all of that here. Now let me also say, I'm a bit boogie when it comes to my hotel preferences so I'm not all about cost. I have realistic standards and understand the concept of "you get what you pay for" but I have NEVER gone wrong with LVH. I'm not a big gambler so I love being here where the tables are hot but not incredibly expensive to join. There are a lot of options on the machines which is great for me because I love the penny machines, lol. Its right off the strip and not on a street that is too hectic or in the hub of all the traffic, I don't care for any of that. I had bad customer service at the check in counter once but I attribute that to the lady who had a bad attitude and not the overall service at the hotel. When I requested toothpaste they had it to me very quickly which lets be honest, is kind of a big deal because no one goes out of their room with a hot mouth (let's hope not!)The room itself was very comfortable and didn't make me feel cheap. Now I understand this place isn't flashy like other hotels but I don't spend most of my time in my room, that's not why you come to Vegas! But when I am done with my daily adventure or need to rejuvenate I want to feel that I'm lying on clean sheets, the room is comfortable and I can relax. Each and every time it I was completely satisfied. Soooooo, try it out! It's very inexpensive and there are all kinds of ways to get deals on this place. Hotwire, Hotels.com, sign up on their email list and immediately get 30% off, sign up on their mobile line and get another deal. I've even seen offers on Hotel Tonight. DEALS, DEALS, DEALS....I like that too. Happy Vegas Adventures!
What can I say, I'm a shill for Target!  Like another reviewer says, you have to watch the impulse buying here because it is so easy to do!But as for the name brands here, I've never had a problem with them.  I bought some Woolrich blankets and sheets here that my husband and I have been very satisfied with.  The housewares section here is positively unbeatable.  My husband Rick is an amateur chef and he could blow his paycheck on the kitchen utensils.  He particularly likes the Michael Graves ones.  He is also an amateur photographer and he still works with film, so he likes the film development here.Me, I also like buying household cleaners and personal items such as soaps, toothpaste, deoderant, etc because the selection is so good.  I've also purchased a lot of my casual wear here.
Bannock, another great place owned by the O and B brand! This is a great affordable place attached to the bay with a good selection of items to choose from. The food reminds of items you can get from your moms kitchen. From macaroni and cheese, to kale Caesars to chicken pot pie. The service is on key, they are very helpful and quick with their service. I go at lunch all the time and they definitely work within my hour! The food is delicious, if you're having a bad day at work or need that pick me up of comfort food this is your go to place. Just watch out! The place is pretty small so it can get crowded. Try to make reservations if you're going at lunch, as they always get a rush. Food is great!! You can easily get a good meal for under 20.00 here.
Great environment, I loved their meat jun. Very flavorful. Also they give side dishes which is definitely a bonus
Fancy a fancy night out? This may be the place to go. I remember a little bit about coming here as a kid. It was a time i had to wear those shoes with the fluffy socks. Now as an adult I was were socks with polka dots but you could see them under my boot. This is a fancy place, we talking jackets and dress. The also have a small valet outside if you're feeling like a VIP. We however self parked and walked through the revolving door. We checked in with the hostess and maybe waited 5 minutes. While be walked to the table they were being really courteous. Asking us questions like if we lived here and if we were celebrating anything. Of course we were just here to stuff our face. :) We sat down and already had an idea of what we were ordering. We went with the Diamond Jim Brady Cut. It's an extra thick portion. Me and my friend decided to split everything. They started with the salad. This was so fun to watch. It's a spinning bowl and they pour the dressing in and mix. After finishing the salad they brought the prime rib station over. They cut our piece and gave us an extra plate. They asked us how we wanted it cooked and we said medium well and we kinda got medium. We just ate it anyways, not a huge deal. The prime rib came with mashed potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding. The pudding is like bread and by itself is good but dipping in the juice and potatoes with some seasoning was very tasty. My favorite part of the whole entire meal was the seasoning pepper. I have a slight addiction to pepper and I was not disappointed with this all over my salad and even a little on my prime rib. We also order a side of scalloped potatoes and asparagus. The asparagus weren't cooked enough for me, but the scalloped potatoes were a mouthwatering side. With our dinners we had a ginger ale and a glass of wine. We order a mocato and it was the best I've had. We asked for the name again and the server wrote it down for us. She was so sweet. She explained everything to us and gave us the rundown on the menu too. We ended our meal with creme brulee. It was topped with fruit and probably the only good picture I took. The hard caramel was left for last to enjoy and savor..  We left full and were really happy with our choice to dine for the evening.
It was a beautiful 75 degree day today, made even more perfect with a wonderful lunch outside at Joe's Farm Grill.  We got there early to avoid the line (which rapidly appeared around 11:40am) so our food was ready very quickly after ordering.My chicken pesto sandwich was wonderful - the meat was juicy and the peppers and mushrooms were fresh and yummy.   Others in the group enjoyed pizza, burgers, and fantastic sweet potato fries which I couldn't help sampling.  Everything looked and smelled great.My only complaint was the condiment area which was very messy with spilled ketchup and ice everywhere.  They needed to send someone out to clean it up more promptly.   Otherwise, Joe's Farm Grill was an excellent lunch experience (as they usually are)!
Came here today and had the "Surf and Turf" Pho. It was the lobster + ribeye slices. The broth was very good, a little on the sweeter side. The lobster had some sizable pieces including the claw and the ribeye was of higher quality. The only drawback to the "Surf and Turf" pho was that they do not give you as much noodle and it was fairly expensive. It came out to a whopping $33. I would say that you should either try the "Maine Lobster Pho" or "Surf and Turf Pho" at least once, but its probably something that I would only get once. They seemed to have a decent collection of whiskey here. I was surprised that they had the Yamazaki Japanese Whiskey which is a definite plus.
The seating area is open.  the staff are helpful ad friendly.  The choices of sandwiches is really going to cover any taste your looking for.  The same for the soups.
My source for great Polish chocolateI've been here twice so far.   This grocery store features imported European specialties, especially in the sweets department.  I was delighted to find chocolate from Poland here.  I fell in love with Polish chocolates at a food trade show a couple of years ago, so I was thrilled to find a handsome selection of international bars and bulk sweets.  Goplana is my current fave.It's a bit out of the way for me, but I will definitely be back to try some other goodies.
Appears they fixed the service problem. We saw 2 servers this night and both were on the ball and very knowledgable. Phew!The food was delish! best Butter Chicken I have ever had and was just the right heat. My husband got a lamb Masala extra hot and he built up quite a sweat. My sons tandoori chicken came out of the kitchen literally steaming hot. It was a little spicier than most tandoori chicken we have had but it was moist and flavorful. LOTS of vegetarian choices on the menu and the server suggested coming for the lunch buffet because there are lots of optionsThe atmosphere is very nice and Bollywood videos are always fun to watch.
Always find what I'm looking for. Except for leggings, haha. This location is great & very convenient. Employees are cheerful & always doing something. Kept busy. Returned a couple things & I know what a hassle that can be, but they're more than happy to help.  Great customer service every time!
Here a few times for boardgames (duh)It's a very casual place. They want you to order one drink min but I haven't seen them checking up on ppl. Nonetheless I like their drink and food menu. The coffee is pretty good. They also come up with occasional twists to it like lavender or Nutella flavoured latte. They also make good panini The boardgame selections are not as huge as other places but it's enough. They also have an escape room but we never tried it. Will definitely come with friends over and over again.
The food is great and comes out quickly. The service is usually pretty good, although recently the cashier was unable to answer some questions about the menu. The employees smile and are helpful in helping find tables, bringing high chairs, and assisting in any way.
I am rating this place against other 24 hr cafes, that is why it gets four stars. It is one of the better diners in Vegas.The appetizers were good. Mango relish on coconut shrimp was good, slaw was okay.  The sliders were good, lots of flavor.  The best thing about the meal were the crab cakes. Some of the best crab cakes I have had. Full of crab, no filler, good tasting crab.  The horseradish cream and jicama slaw they served with them were a great complement.  Definitely get the crab cakes. The French onion soup was good.  Good broth and excellent onion flavor.  My father in law got the meatloaf, it wasn't good. The flavor was there, but the texture was horrible. I got the demolition burger. Good amounts of corned beef, they overlooked my burger, asked for medium served well. The burger as a whole was tasty and very big.  My wife got the salmon tostadas. She liked them a lot, the coleslaw that comes with it not so much.  She said the tortillas were very crispy and the salmon fresh.
Came here to see a show and have dinner before it. We just ordered tacos and it took them 45 mins to bring it out. It was busy but wow that's crazy. It was good atmosphere and trivia was fun.
A Chinatown gem.  This hand-drawn noodle place is legit. I wished they also serve shaved noodles like the restaurants in Philly.  The servers, can speak both English and Mandarin.  Service is good, and they are happy to oblige, as long as you don't mind waving or gaining attention via any means appropriate in public.Through the large glass window you can watch the chef manhandle the noodle, twisting and shaping the dough into a nicely textured noodle that is not overcooked, like pasta, the bowl of noodle soup that I had was "al dente". yumm.  I had the #1 braised beef which came in a tasty dark broth, bok choy (a type of Chinese cabbage), and the tasty noodle.  The beef was cooked well, tasty and soft.  We also had the pork ears and beef appetizers, which is cheap and decent - although it could use more sauce.  I also like the free cold tea.
I ate here twice on my trip to Las Vegas last weekend and enjoyed my meal both times. My uncle is a local and he goes here a lot. It was a very casual environment with lots of wood furniture and a few TV's (I'm not a fan of TV's in a dining area, but my uncle appreciated it so he could catch the end of a game he was into.) The service was excellent. Of course, they knew my uncle was a regular so that probably factored in, but none the less, our server was lovey both times and she appeared to be just as friendly to other people eating there. The food was really good. I had the pastrami reuben the first time I  ate there, and the french dip on my second visit. Both were excellent. The pastrami didn't have too much tough connective tissue that some pastrami can have (like subway's for example...yuk). It was very meaty and flavorful. The bread was fresh and I had my sandwich with a side of fruit (it was mixed fresh cantaloupe and canned tropical fruit). The reuben was also very tasty and a good size. We split a piece of fresh carrot cake and the frosting was amazing! I make Alton Brown's carrot cake from scratch, which is very good, but this frosting even rivaled that recipe! I went back to buy a gift certificate for my uncle as a thank you for letting me crash at his place and the bar tender informed me that they had to call the owner? manager? to come in to get  it because the staff were "not authorized to sign for it". That was a little inconvenient, but it wasn't a terribly long wait and the bar tender was super friendly. She offered me a cold soda/water while I waited and checked on me a couple times. Overall, I thought the food was delicious and the people there were very nice. I recommend The Lodge if you are looking for a tasty, not too pricey bite to eat in a casual setting.
This is a nice drive outside of Vegas. It takes about 40 minutes with quick stops, we were there in July with a temp of 110 degrees.
Nice store to shop for groceries and have a bite to eat, though some items are more pricier than other stores.
Best Pho in the West Valley.  Weird that they don't have the small dishes to make the sauces for dipping though. Instead of asking, I just make do with the plate that comes under the noodles.
Taking the Yukon in for service. I usually take it to Earnhardt Cadillac in Chandler, but Coulter is much more convenient in the morning. Mark the service rep is always very helpful. The waiting area is great with fresh donuts in the morning  Took a star off because lately they have been pushy with up selling other unnecessary services.
Friendly staff and Dr's are very patient oriented.  Speak to you not st you and truly care about you
I took my car here for it's very first servicing after driving up from Vancouver. The staff were friendly, they stuck by their quote time (around 2 hours) and the waiting area was spacious and comfortable! They even had a complimentary massage chair, which was amazing. I'd suggest booking a couple weeks in advance, since I couldn't get the weekend slot I wanted as they were pretty booked up - but now I can see why!
A little pricey for breakfast if you're looking for a weekly routine, but this place has one of the most fun brunches I've had in a long time. My brunch companion is very much NOT a vegan, but loved everything we got on the menu (including the blueberry maple glazed vegan donut)! Good addition to the choices on 7th St. in downtown Phoenix!
After grabbing some wonton noodles at JCK, I stumbled upon this place...without reading any reviews.I'm alright with Chinese buns, both sweet/savoury, and I do have my favourites.  However, for the most part, I just try not to eat them that much 'cause they're soo abundant and I get sick of them.  Plus, they're not conducive to staying trim!Anyway, I was surprised about the prices.  Has it been this long since I've actually purchased Chinese buns?  Was I in some kinda time-warp?  As per my photo, Dan Tats (Chinese egg tarts) were $0.60/$0.70.  That's pretty cheap, considering the Portuguese version is like at least $1!  Other buns were ~$0.70/0.80 which is also quite good.So far, I just tried the Coconut Tart and it was very good.  Fresh, moist, and not dry and overly sweet like a lot of places!The key though in the buns is that they're eaten FRESH.  So don't be a hog and buy a bunch of them when you're not gonna eat it right away!
Wow beautiful hotel, amazing state of the art rooms. We stayed on the 22nd floor and had a balcony with a lively view of the entire strip area. The room was great. Gorgeous stainless steel kitchen, flat electric stove, fridge, sink and even a dishwasher. The cabinets were stocked with pretty much anything you'd need in a kitchen. Toaster, coffee maker, mixing bowls, a variety of cups, silverware, plates, bowls, etc even seasonings. There was lots of storage, not just in the kitchen but the room entirely. Loved the hidden cabinets on the walls. Bath robes were provided. A nice big safe as well. The doorbell was great, you can also turn it off to red to avoid being disturbed. 2 flat screen tvs in the room. Comfy bed with goose down comforter. There's a pull out in the couch, and they provide you with extra pillows and blankets for it. The bathroom was lovely and spacious. There was a massive Jacuzzi tub, bug enough for 3 adults. There wasn't much hot water tho. The shower had 2 different heads; one above you with the rainfall effect and another on a hose. Good water pressure, not too hard but not low either. I loved that there was a makeup mirror and full body mirror in the bathroom. My only suggestion is that they replace the unflattering orange/yellow bulbs in the bathroom with white bulbs, as it made it very difficult for me to do my makeup. The mirror light was also yellow. Nice marble floors in the bathroom and kitchen and beautiful real wood floors throughout the rest of the room. Unfortunately the Wi-Fi wouldn't work for me and I didn't get much cell signal in the room either, even from the balcony. Room service was good, very expensive, but the taste was good. The only thing is I wish the hollandaise sauce tasted less bitter and came warm, not cold. I had to spread it like mayo on my eggs. I prefer this hotel over the main Palms. The lobby is more personable and at Christmas time, they had a Christmas tree there (but no tree in the lobby of the main hotel?). My only suggestion for the lobby into have more than 1 person at the front desk for check in/out. The bellhop wasnt very careful with our luggage. The valet was difficult. You have to park it then wait in line at the valet desk to check your car in, versus most Vegas hotels were the valet takes your car and hands you a ticket. It's inconvenient and the time it takes to do all that, takes longer than to simply park your own car. Overall, a very lovely hotel, will definitely make this our go-to when visiting Vegas!
Not sure why the rating is so low on this place. I stopped in for lunch the other day and it was delicious. Definitely not your typical American-Chinese restaurant. I shared three dishes with a colleague - Hot & Sour Soup, Handmade Shaanxi Noodles, and Shaanxi Noodles with Pork and Vegetables. The soup was very good. I expected it to be spicier, but it was definitely a mild soup. Not the typical dark brownish Hot & Sour. The Handmade Noodles were excellent! Thick and tasty. Lots of spice in this dish. Overall, I had a very enjoyable meal. Service was good, prices were reasonable, and food was tasty. Yea, the parking is less than optimal. N*joy...
It is a very difficult thing, to stand on this part of the Queensway, where two well-known local chains almost but not quite face each other, and not immediately start to make comparisons between the two. Many of the other reviews do exactly that, and it may be a useful exercise for those who may have eaten one or the other before.But I think that they are more or less two sides of the same coin -- neither of them is going to ever fully compare to the sweet memories of local burrito shops in my home area, San Francisco, the birthplace of these style of burritos. So, I'd like to judge this place on its own merits, and pretend that it is alone on the street.Firstly, parking is a nightmare here. It shares a miniscule parking lot with a number of other busy businesses, and we opted to not bother, since I was in my behemothmobile. There's a shopping center parking lot a short walk away, and that made things a lot easier.This is another style of burrito place where you pick your meats and fillings in advance, and then they toast the thing up on a hot grill before handing it out to you. This can create a little bit of a bottleneck as people wait in the ordering area for their orders. I grabbed a table while Lee waited for our food.I like that they have a nice combo deal, where for slightly more than a price of a drink you get some chips and salsa thrown in. The dining area is pretty spacious for a place like this, and I really appreciated that. It's decorated with the numerous awards that the chain has won since opening. As for the burrito? It was great. I got a shrimp burrito with no rice and a lot of the extra spicy additions. It was mouth searingly delicious.I'd definitely head back for a return visit!
Best Cajun burger maybe ever.  Solid mushroom Swiss burger and fish fry.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports.  About 12 quality beers on tap and a decent selection of scotch. Pool table and booths up top. great local bar.
I love this nice nieghborhood park. Family friendly with a small playground for the kids. Tennis courts, baseball diamonds, walking path in the shade a mile long, and for Henderson that's a BIG plus, large grassy areas to run around in.
J. Lo was phenomenal!! Such a great show! She sang all the hits, looked amazing, and had great dancers to keep the energy high. The crowd on the other hand sucked! I was sitting on the second level. They sat down like it was a musical and angrily harassed (yelling, shining flashlights) anyone who tried to get up and dance! They were barely even singing along. If you're looking to dance, get pit seats.
What's not to love about a classic dive? Do you like:Cheap beer?Fantastic people watching?Duck Pin Bowling?Awesome griddled burgers?Sure, it's not much to look at, interior or exterior, but it's good fun all around.
Yum! This place exceeded my expectations with delicious food, an extensive menu, and great service.
I've eaten here twice for dinner over the last five years and was very pleased on both occasions.  We had pizzas both times.  They are wonderful!   They very much resemble the style we've had in Rome: very thin, crisp crust, light on the creative toppings. The portobello, artichoke, roasted peppers and fontina one was especially memorable.  Service was very good - prompt, friendly and quick.  Our waitresses were very pleasant.  The prices may seem a little high, so if you want a cheap thick crust gloppy stuffed pizza, go elsewhere.
This nail salon is a great place. I will definitely go back. My shellac lasted around two weeks. It only had a small chip at the bottom of two nails but it wasn't anything noticeable. Also the price list that was posted earlier isn't updated. The shellac manicure is now $30.
Pretty awesome burgers. Perhaps a little salty when I went. But overall great for having a drive through.
My favorite item from Panera is their Mac n Cheese! Today I decided to try their newer menu items because they've added quite a few! I had a "You Choose Two" - you select two of either soup, sandwich, pasta, or salad. I got Chicken Sorrentina Pasta & Baked Potato Soup* equal amounts of pasta, chicken and spinach ; sauce is good ; pasta may have been a little overcooked today though* great baked potato soup!Coworker also had a "You Choose Two" - Tortellini Alfredo & Broccoli Cheddar SoupOverall good place to have a quick lunch!
This place is owned by the Clarendon Hotel folks.  I love that north central Phoenix is becoming a place to come eat, drink and dance, because I break out in hives when I go to Scottsdale.  We went to lunch here.  The acoustics are far better than at The Clarendon, so you can hear your companion speak.  The waiters also seem far happier to be there than those at GB.We had chips and guacamole which was good and fresh.  Split a quinoa salad which was really good and colorful, had great dressing and freshness.  We each had a couple of tacos.  I had carne asada and al pastor; my companion the fish.  Everything was good.  The only thing that I thought notable was they told me the menu was really different from Gallo Blanco....but I found it to be very similar.  But good job!  Great location!
Enjoyed the spicy eggplant. It was delicious Thai food and not too pricey.  The motif was arranged to look cozy. Cute place, good food.
This is a fairly new place, and we have been meaning to check it out.  We will for sure be back!There is an extensive menu.  Sushi, chinese, japanese, and curry options, so there is something for everyone.  As strange as this may sound, the highlight of the meal for me was the free appetizers they gave at the beginning of the meal.  There was a "hot cucumber" item (for lack of a better term) that was simply amazing.  The cucumber bits were still nice and crisp, but had a hot tangy flavor to them.  I asked if I could get seconds and they were nice enough to oblige.My fiance and I split a Rock N Roll and it was tasty.  Not that original, but we both enjoyed it.  It had a lot of flavor and each of the flavors did stand out.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki dinner bento box and was quite pleased.  It came with my choice of soup (I had hot and sour), a sald, white rice, and then several choices for sides.  You were able to choose either tempura vegetables, chicken katsu or seaweed salad, shumai, Gyoza or a spring roll and a choice of one of three sushi rolls.  It was a bargain for the amount of food you got at $15.  My fiance ordered one of the traditional chinese dishes and was quite pleased as well.   Service was quick and attentive, even with my multople requests to refill my water glass.  We will be back!
I've got the chocolate Ganache for my son's birthday . It's really delicious and it had a nice design with fresh flowers. it's a bit pricy though ($60 for 6 in cake )
I feel that this place is very underrated in the Spadina Chinatown area.The fact that it's hidden in a corner in the Dragon City mall, and has few prominent signs out front (drowned out by signs from other restaurants like Owl of Minerva, Yooj Express, and Sky Dragon), means that Canteen is not easy to find.  However, take the time to go up to the second floor, and you'll find Canteen to be a far superior alternative to the Chinese-style fast food offered by Yooj Express.Canteen serves what's called "Hong Kong Steakhouse" food.  Places like these usually include menu items such as noodles and rice as well as Western fare such as steaks, grilled fish, sizzling dishes and so on.  For some strange reason, this kind of food is neither very abundant nor very good in Toronto's Chinatown.  This type of restaurant is very popular with Chinese people, especially people from Hong Kong, in the tradition of Cafe de Coral, because of large portions, variety of food and reasonable prices.I've had a few bad experiences trying out this style of food in the Spadina area (several spots along Dundas St. serve this food, but they are pretty pathetic, and I'm not going back).  Canteen is the one that passes the grade.I usually order something simple such as the Pepper and Salt Pork Chops with rice.  They make a pretty good Ox Tongue in White Sauce (a very hit-or-miss dish, usually), and their Sweet and Sour beef is good.  For larger dishes they have a really great sole fish/chicken steak combo, and you can get some very delicious fried rice to go with it.  With your soup comes some simple yet great garlic toast.  And their iced milk tea is well above average.I wish Canteen would improve its decor a bit, because it's quite dark, a bit cramped, and adding to its somewhat hidden location, it just doesn't catch the eye.  But give it a chance and you'll find it to be quite a good contender in the area for fast, uncomplicated, reliable food.
This place is great. Looking for a cool spot for folks visiting, look no further. Food is always fresh and good. Lines are long and seating is tough sometimes, be warned. Oh, and watch for falling scorpions.
Love the caramel chicken here.  It was busy. Nothing over the top, but good standard pei Wei!
I went with my friends on a Tuesday night and I have to say, their service was pretty awesome. Our server was attentive, promptly refilled our empty water containers, and served us food all in a timely manner. For a table of 8, we didnt wait very long for all of our food to arrive; which was amazing since we didnt have to wait until our food is cold to begin eating. Four of us decided to share, so we ended up getting quite a few selections from their menu. Their calamari and polentas were extremely well done, I loved the chili oil dipping sauce the calamari came with. The bruschetta was good, and the buratta was a very interesting app (it was the first time ive tried this). I probably would order the spicier version of it to try next time I come back. The pastas we ordered were all very delicious. I highly recommend the shrimp spaghetti, the sauce was beautifully done with plenty of tender shrimp on the side. The poor man's parmesan was crunchy on top, making every bite an experience. The only thing I did not enjoy was the diavolo pizza. The balsamic vinegar was wayy too strong, it was all i could taste when I bit into it. I could barely finish 1 slice. Overall it was a very enjoyable experience, I would definitely come back to dine again. On a side note our server was awesome as she split the bills perfectly for us without mistakes. Bonus!! :)
I love Deagan's. I do. I really do. The atmosphere is cozy and festive. The shrimp tacos and house fries are my standbys. The fries are sometimes good and sometimes great, and the spicy dipping sauce they come with is to die for. The beer list is amazing and the cocktails are great. The prices are mid-level, so it's not a cheap dive you can go to every week, but rather a treat when you do. Try it out. You won't be disappointed!
This is definitely my favorite fast food sub shop. Ingredients are everything, and everything I see and taste here tells me that they're using top-grade fresh ingredients. The brisket sandwich is probably my favorite... and it's the one my wife ALWAYS gets. Unlike her, I often bounce around the menu to try different things. Definitely a step up from Subway, Quiznos, Jimmy Johns, etc in my opinion. As with all of my reviews, I grade each place relative to what I perceive to be its peers - so five star compared to them.
Really good place with simple decor, amazing food and great hospitality.Very impressed with the lunch portion. Although service took little extra time but I have no complaints since they are quite new in business. The green curry chicken was good and to the right spice balance I asked for. I will definitely recommend this place to others.
Awesome office and staff, very professional and friendly. I saw Adam Garling PA-C and his assistant, they were very friendly, professional, and helpful. I highly recommend Centennial Dermatology! I will definitely return for more visits.
Most delicious authentic Italian I've had in the US. You wouldn't leave this place unhappy. The setting is cozy and a perfect spot for VD, anniversaries, or a special date. They'll make you feel like you're in Italy.
Maria is VERY good at what she does with great prices, too! I've always had a hard time finding someone to fix my jeans just right and she did it! I'm short with a small waist and a bit of a butt :) So that means every pair of jean I get have to be altered.  And Maria does a wonderful job with reasonable prices.  She's done more than10 pairs of jeans and a few shirts and only one needed fixing.  I even lost weight and had to get a pair redone, it was a bit of a challenge but she did a beautiful job.
We purchased new office furniture from this location.  We were advised the shipment would arrive in 3 business days.  The shipment was delivered the same day as promised.  We received excellent service from the first step into their showroom at their location on Dean Martin, all thru the delivery.  Very positive experience and great pricing for the quality items we purchased.  Very pleased and will be purchasing more furniture from this store.
Everything that my husband and I tried today was amazing. I am glad I got to try something different of what I normally would because i was really pleasantly surprised. We also order one sushi roll because we had to try at least one and we loved it! Definitely will be coming back to try more things. Place is really small, and there was only one server, but we came when it was really slow and the service was pretty fast. All in all very happy we got to try this place out.
Called for a 5:15 morning reservation. The driver was here before 5 and didn't alert us, just parked outside quietly. Also he helped out with the luggage and responded to our request of stopping at a differmet place first. Overall 5 star service!
AMAZING. Simply amazing. Believe all of the hype and go out of your way to try this place. My partner and I lucked out and ended up staying just a stones throw away. So, our first morning in Mile End, we popped in to give it a shot. We ended up going every morning (and once in the afternoon) after that because it was just that damn good. It's cheap (like 85¢ and up), the staff speaks good English and those guys churn out wood fired bagel perfection 24 hours a day. I highly recommend the "all dressed" but just go and try everything. You won't be disappointed.
Holy heck this place is amazing. I love their chicken tacos they're by far my favorite. Great customer service and all round awesome experience.
I love the classes at this gym. Zumba and. Radio Hip Hop are my favorite. This is such a great fun and I love that it is so reasonably priced!
First time eating there and everything was so yummy! Great pizza and Salad, my son had the meatball sub he said it was very good, must have been because he wouldn't share. Highly recommend.
The employees are so friendly and hard working! Keep it up! The store is very clean... I love subway sooooooooo much!!! :)
This is a wonderful nail shop! Eric the owner is so hospitable, he takes time and effort on your nails to perfect them! I love my nails, they're so cute and symmetrical. Definitely will be coming back to this spa and salon! If you're thinking about going, Don't even question it, just go!
Who knew? I did! I remember eating many many many times way back in the early childhood of Chipotle back in Denver. Like the picture on the wall in every Chipotle. (yep on evans and university) I had a feeling this place was going somewhere and Chaching!Anyway, long story short, as we all have eaten at a Chipolte somewhere. It simply is the best quick healthyish mexican there is period! On a side note if you are one of those wierd vegan people this is my favorite burrito (veggie fajita black w/ all the salsas no queso or crema greens and of course 3 lbs of guac!) Yuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmaaaaaeeeeeee!!!!!
A very busy restaurant, make reservations, but well worth it.    Our party ordered the short ribs, salmon and steam bass for our main entrees and each dish was outstanding.   Will definitely go back to this restaurant when we are back in the Phoenix area.
As a spicy food fan, when I see a restaurant called Hot & Spicy, I add it to my must try list.I decided to give Radica's a shot shortly after seeing the title of the restaurant. On first glance, the restaurant was super clean and new. A really nice environment for a fast food style joint!  Between my fiance and I, we ordered two roti's - one spicy chicken and the other a medium goat roti. Oh boy, the roti's were awesome! Fresh, packed with flavor and actually spicy.  Portions were huge as well! We also tried a shrimp double. This was my first time trying a double. It was ok, but the real star of the show was the roti's.If you're looking for genuinely good roti with a kick of spice, I'd say this is the spot!
If you are looking for something refreshing and delicious, this is your one stop shop! I've tried two drinks here and their delicious Japanese styled crepe that was filled with nutella and mouthwatering strawberries and bananas. There are other options as well. Their drinks are very customizable and if you think it's not perfect even after you get it, you can get it adjusted. The service is super friendly and the aura is welcoming. It's a clean environment where all the senses are in for a treat though the mesmerizing smell from the freshly made crepes, the refreshing sip from their drinks, to the perfect texture of their boba. I'm not from the area but anytime I'm on my way to Vegas, I'm stopping by first to get my boba fix. Try the Hawaiian Paradise. You won't regret it.
I have been coming to this sweet little place for years and think they deserve my compliments.The food is french in a not too serious and snobbish way. The wine is best enjoyed outside in the evening overlooking the "lake". They have live music (jazz guitar or piano) outside in the evenings most nights as well. Probably,one of the more romantic night spots on the west side. They also have a fantastic lunch menu, with a lobster salad croissant that is true bliss..... mmmmmm....Look them up for their specials, like wine tastings and discounted days.
If you are looking for a fresh yummy breakfast on the weekend in Waunakee you must try Cuco's. They have your traditional American breakfast choices or some tasty Mexican dishes. The food is fresh and comes out sizzling hot. The service is excellent and the restaurant is very clean.
So I don't give out 5 stars frivolously, but this place deserves it. Everything I had (summer rolls, vegan pizza burger and chocolate chip cookies) was delicious. The service was great and the waitress helped me narrow down the never ending yummy looking options on the menu. They even gave me a smoothie sample while I waited.Next time I'm in Cleveland, I'll definitely stop back in. I may even be coming for dinner today.
Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.  Great Lao-Thai food.  Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.  They're always good.  Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.  Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.
I travel lots for business and this is one of the funniest places.  Heather provided great service and NCAA B-BALL on the screens
Cleats is the best! Our daughter pitches and we have exchanged 2 sets of Mizuno metal cleats. Both were coming apart at the seams and they happily replaced them each time.  Great friendly and knowledgeable staff!  We buys all our softball gear from Cleats!
When I'm Arizona...we Reathrey Sekong! Food is good and authentic! Would love if there was a closer location to Gilbert!
I was staying at the Hilton next door and got access to the YMCA.  Nice!  One of the days, I woke up with a sore throat.  Headed to the gym anyways, but started coughing horribly just as I checked in.  Had to walk out to clear my throat then went back in and hopped on an elliptical machine.  The lady at the front desk was so nice!  She brought me a cup of water because she noticed that I was coughing so much earlier.  Amazing service!  Now I wish I belonged to a YMCA back home.  Going to have to look into it for sure.
GREAT SERVICE!! The food was amazing and very reasonably priced! Oh and the deserts are to die for!!
Love the staff here! Becca, Chrissy, Angel and Arianna are so friendly and helpful! Super clean and professional place. Highly recommend coming here!
This was my first time at this place and the shop was super clean. The staff was nice and helpful. Rose took care of me like a regular customer. If I lived in Vegas, I would come here all the time.
I love Bouchon. It's still my favorite place to go hands down. They are extremly fresh and have excellent service. I ate at the bouchon in Beverly hills and didn't encounter a single difference in food quality in Vegas. The food has always been delicious and this one time I went we ordered practically everytihng. From the bakery basket in which the waiter chooses for us a selection of baked goods to the mussels to the hash. Everything was delicious. And you can't beat the price around 20-30 a person with small apps. Or aroudn 40-50 if your drinkin a little. Very reasonable for what your getting.Take a peek at my photos.Thanks Thomas Keller for a great meal again!
Their Homemade Lasagna was Great!You've gotta try Rizzo's Spaghetti House.Try out their other restaurant, located off Cherry Road in Rock Hill.
By far my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas. Pasta Luigi is the fastest they have! Also try the stuffed artichoke. It is one of the best of ever had
Some cretin at a store swiped my credit card information while ringing me up and then charged 3,000 bucks worth of stuff on my Keybank debit card.  I was in Florida at the time on a long term assignment, hundreds of miles from a Keybank.  I discovered the fraudulent charges when I checked my balance just before leaving on a road trip.  I called the customer service number and within a few hours all my money was back in my account.  They canceled my number and sent me an all new card by FedEx which arrived the next day at my destination. They made the whole recovery process so easy.  Miss this bank, big time.
Fast and friendly, always! They make sure your order is correct even when they are in a hurry. Always a great meal.
I tried chicken Shish kebab . Chicken is really juicy and really tasty . The atmosphere there is very Turkish style , love it . Definitely 5 stars .  Good place ever for coffee break , delicious deserts.
I love the atmosphere ! Perfect for families ! Very welcoming to children , my sons a bit active && loves to touch the decorations but they're so patient && understanding . The food is filling , tasteful && excellent portions . Nd their hours are accommodating to all they're open late .
Amazing staff and food everytime! Always so welcoming and the food is constantly awesome.
They did a great job on my two Golden boys. They can be a handful at times but they came out looking great and what I considered a great price as well!  We will be coming back for sure in the future.
Amazing food and perfect location for any Luke AFB military personnel looking for some decent Asian cuisine. I'm going on my third lunch this week! The Chicken Teriyaki and ginger salad dressing is out of this world!
I'm traveling from out of town. It's amazing! Best massage I've ever had! Most definitely will be my new go-to place no need to look any further.
We love Cafe Americano! We've been a couple times for lunch and have had Eric S. both times as our waiter. He was unbelievably attentive, kind, and efficient! The food both times was amazing. As with anything down at the Strip, the food can seem pricey, but the quality and the amount of food you get is worth every penny! My favorite thing is the Short Rib Nachos. Also love the atmosphere. Highly recommend for anyone that has a stomach and is in Las Vegas ;)
This is a review of Pliner's approach and style (truly original, but certainly "not for everyone,) this location, and especially their sales person - Milijana, or Mia as she introduced herself.  Making my purchase on 12/18 during their holiday sale I literally tried on 25 pairs of shoes before making my final selection - a half-lacquered pair of black suede shoes unlike anything I've previously seen.While the store did not have my size in stock, Mia brought me shoes made from the same mold and informed me that not only could the size I need (11) be mailed to my home, but it could be accomplished with no tax and free shipping since I lived in Ohio.In retrospect I wish I'd have bought more pairs of shoes while I was there, but as it stands they've guaranteed I'll return on my next Vegas visit.
Absolutely delicious. Ordered chicken/beef kabob combo with spinach rice based on other reviews and not disappointed! The spinach samosa are also fantastic. My new favorite restaurant.
Disclaimer: this was our first experience there. Very friendly staff & nice ambiance. We got Wisconsin cheese, The Classic & Fundue Delight for our entrees & The Original for dessert. We chose Mojo for our cooking style. We had the Cesar & the Bacon & Bleu Spinach salads. I was a little unsure coming into it but the staff asked if we've been there & explained the process. We were warmed the portion sizes were small but we got full--guess it depends on your appetite. Everything was very good, even the apples with the cheese. I highly recommend this place. It's such a fun & different experience.
Excellent food, service and ambiance! The tapas are truly infused with spanish flavours. We had the Octopus, Dates wrapped in Bacon and Figs with Goat Cheese, but if I have to pick a favourite it will be the Foie Gras "sliders", they were unbelievably tasty!! We had the 'Paella Patria' you could see the saffron, beautifully done. For dessert I ordered the Chocolate pudding, it was sublime, rich, decadent. Infused with olive oil and salt, it couldn't make me happier. Ohh I just can't wait to be back!!
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I just ate the highest quality burger of my life at a place where you have to order at the counter and the burger only cost $9. I was immediately impressed upon ordering at Bang Bang Burgers. I ordered the hangover burger, and they not only asked how I wanted my burger (can choose from medium to well-done) but the worker even asked how runny I wanted the fried egg and then if I wanted it sunny side up or if they should flip it over easy. My buddy asked for mustard, and they even asked whether he wanted regular yellow, dijon, whole grain, or honey mustard. I added sweet potato fries for the $1 upcharge because I love sweet potato fries, paid my $10 and waited. I must say I was a little disappointed that I had to wait 15 minutes for the burger, but after first bite I had no more complaints!I don't know what's in Pat LaFreida's beef mixture, but it was the highest quality beef in a burger I've ever ordered. The bun was ridiculously soft as well. The egg was cooked perfectly, but the burger lacked any flavor from the small slice of cheese or the bacon hash unfortunately. Despite that, the amazing quality still made this burger awesome. The sweet potato fries were by far the best sweet potato fries I've ever eaten, and I love sweet potato fries so that says a lot. They were crispy which so many places cannot accomplish and had a balance of sweetness from the fries and salt that was perfect. They came with a decent maple sauce, but I didn't dip very many because they were honestly better on their own. I must say, the bang bang sauce that comes on the side of the burgers is incredible though. It's similar to a Thousand Island dressing without the pickle relish, but something about it just makes it so much better and slightly sweeter. Overall, I probably wouldn't order the hangover again and would choose a more flavorful/interesting option. I would also recommend going with a double if you're hungry because each patty is only around 4 ounces. Despite these slight "drawbacks", the quality of the meat and bun stood out so much that I think any burger here would be amazing and for a pretty solid price as well.
I went for the second time yesterday, and it did not disappoint!!! I love their willingness to work with you on a dish to make it exactly as you want! Best Thai Food I have ever tried!
I saw Big Jim's on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Went there when in Pittsburgh with my son visiting Pitt, had a great lunch. My son went to Pitt and I have been back several times. The food is very good, large servings and reasonably priced. This place will surprise you. It is off the beaten path. You have to be looking for it because it is below the highway in a neighborhood that leads nowhere to my knowledge. It is unattractive at best but the service is good, food is very good, fresh, plentiful and very reasonable. If you like good food, funky places and you are not a snob stop in and give it a try.
Absolutely love it!!.The most authentic and incredible Mexican food I've ever had in Las Vegas hands down!! The place is so beautiful and colorful. The food is sooo good.Their tacos are freaking amazing!! Everything is so exquisite and delicious. Will definitely be coming back here. Manager Chad was very attentive and stopped by a couple of times making sure we were having great time! Great suggestions, great atmosphere, very friendly and helpful staff! A+++
Sheila is AMAZING!! She did a great job on my nails, they look so natural. I give her 10stars!!Definitely will be a repeat customer!
The high quality Korean BBQ that started it all in Vegas...One of my favorite kbbq places in town.Beef combo is usually what I go for and they will cook for you! Three things stands out the most for me. 1. Skirt steak2. Aged short ribs3. Ice cream that comes with the comboCome hungry and give it a try!
After my scathing review of the Perez Museum in Miami, I thought I better balance things out by telling you about the AGO, which (I feel) is an example of how to do things right. Had lunch at Frank (on site restaurant), which was quite chic and the food was delightful, but a wee bit spendy.The gallery itself is beautiful and interesting. I've been twice in the past 6 months (to see the Turner exhibit and the Lawren Harris exhibit), and have been impressed by both the special exhibits and the regular collections. The special collections are an additional fee, but in both cases, well worth it. The gallery is spacious and well lit, with an interesting mix of trad and modern art. I still need to go back again, as I didn't get to spend as much time as I would like, and am pretty sure I didn't see everything.It's a great way to spend an afternoon. The staff is polite and well informed, gift store is eclectic and fun.
THE TACOS. I got pastor, asada, and chorizo. Authentic. Delicious. Nice topping bar with cilantro, limes, onions and sauces. The market itself is cool to walk around and get unique items as well.
I really enjoyed my stay at this very reasonable hotel.  The rooms are very spacious and clean.  I really didn't expect to get a warm continental breakfast included at the price I paid for the room.
I must have walked by this place a thousand times working on the square. Never knew what it was exactly. Came up in a search of "Asian " ? Amway, saw the reviews and walked over. The buffalo paninis with a side of black bean and corn salsa was very good. At $7 the price was fair, I think the yelp menu may be outdated. The desert case looked great and they have breakfast items also. There was a gift area too. Cool place and I'm far from vegan.
My absolutely favorite mushroom pizza in the city, Great brunch spot - really reasonable and you can always get a table, because it's really big and has indoor and outdoor space.  I think the ice cream is homeade.  A neighbourhood favorite!
Hands down, the BEST kabobs in Vegas. I stopped here late after work one night on the way home after having passed it at least a thousand times, and decided to give it a try. I went in, placed my order, and after about 15 minutes, was on my way home. The inside is cozy, there is a new hookah lounge upstairs (not technically the same business), for those who might be interested in that. The tables inside were pretty low key, but the kitchen area is open except for some glass, so you get to watch your food prepared while you wait which is always a nice touch. Some people don't like that, but I do, it forces restaurants to practice more hygienic practices because customers can see more. The young lady who rang me up was helpful and friendly. The gentleman who gave me my food, apologized for the wait (15 minutes is not long in my book, but maybe for some it is), and said that calling ahead is a great option if you're ever in a hurry in the future. I ordered a lamb and chicken shish kabob. They were both DELICIOUS. Many kabobs in this city are incredibly bland and under seasoned, definitely not the case here. The rice was also well flavored. The green sauce that was at the counter where you pick up your food was perfectly spiced and I put it on EVERYTHING! I appreciate the fresh lemon wedge that was included in my to-go container. My only real complaint was the price. It was more than $17 for two kabobs, which I thought was on the expensive side. If they took their prices down around $2, I'd be here way more often that is good for my wallet...
Lawry's is everything a good restaurant should be. We came here to celebrate our anniversary and Lawry's made our night unforgettable.Their service was impeccable- from the sweet hostess who was unfazed when we arrived 30 minutes late to our reservation, to the warm friendly bartender who chatted us up like we were old friends, to the waiter who was not condescending in the least bit, to the busboys who guided me back to my table when I drunkenly stumbled into the kitchen.The food was solid. The prime rib was balanced with just the perfect amount of richness and seasoning. I ordered a medium and it was a true medium- the edges were seasoned and done well while the interior was still a soft pink and juicy. My date loved the Yorkshire pudding, I wasn't really a fan, but it was airy and puffed up to perfection. The mushrooms were rich and earthy, the perfect accompaniment. The mashed potatoes were smooth, creamy, and deliciously well seasoned. No bland taters here.All in all, we had a truly wonderful evening at Lawry's LV. We decided to skip dessert because we were stuffed and totally satisfied, so our waiter went the extra mile and boxed up a mini cake for us saying that we couldn't leave without something sweet on our anniversary (!!) Major points up for this, we were an intoxicated mess that night and he should've just shooed us out the door. I left with a huge smile on my face and a slightly renewed faith that there are still nice people in the world.
I loved this place!!First, my drink was delicious!  I ordered the bellini and it was definitely one of the best that I've ever had--kind of fizzy, but so good!The bread and butter was hot and delicious!I didn't LOVE the Field Salad, but it was okay.  But I did LOVE my steak and french fries!  When asked how I wanted my steak prepared, I said Medium.  The waiter suggested Medium Rare since it's a thin hanger steak.  I'm so glad he suggested that.  It was perfectly cooked for me!And I would love to try the dessert one day!  Looks delicious as well!
I will honestly state that the pre installation process can be a bit disorganized.....BUTI recently had Paradigm Luxury Vinyl Plank flooring and new mouldings installed on Saturday, March 24, 2018 and I spoke with Marshall about obtaining his best installation team since I'm quite hard to please.  Well the installation went flawlessly, they had a can do attitude, listened intently,  did a fantastic clean up with every piece of plank and moulding meticulously placed!To me the quality of the installation and competitive pricing is of most importance and Cloud delivered!
I have been going to Timeless for just shy of two years. Amanda is my tattoo artist. I have about 10 hours of work done so far with her. Every time she has impressed me with her ideas. I come in with an idea, she makes it freakin awesome. From american traditional to Harry Potter she knows wassup. Clean shop, friendly atmosphere and you want a place that has experience and won't BS you, than Timeless is def a the choice you want to make.
My family and I love this place. The food came out fast and nice customer service! We been coming here for five years now! We refused to go anywhere else, lol we are 3-4 times a week, because I can't cook
Visited Captain Steve ' s for the first time today.  There were 11 in our party. Our servers were great. They had 2 large parties at the same time.  But we NEVER felt neglected. Our food came to our table at one and it was all HOT! Everyone received the correct food, our drinks were maintained full, and the amount of food was generous. We order fish, shrimp, broiled items, & steaks. Smiles all around.  I WILL return whenever I visit the Charlotte area.
My favorite (sentimental) ice cream spot in all of Arizona! $4.95 for two big scoops of ice cream, chocolate sauce, malt crumbs, whipped cream, and a cherry? The Dusty Road Sundae is terrrrrific. The average sundae is $6.50, but that's a steal compared to other places.They have about 10 traditional-ish ice cream flavors, the prices are reasonable, the storefront is classic, the interior is huge with comfy booths, and there is a small-ish arcade in the back. Only a 10-minute walk from Scottsdale Stadium into Old Town Scottsdale.If you're reviewing this place based on the food, you're missing the entire point of the Sugar Bowl. It's a 1950s ice cream parlor, not a modern ice cream store with fancy new flavors.
I live in Austin, TX and have an old 1992 Porsche 968.  When I need parts for my car I call these guys directly. They find or get what I need for my car, and at a great price. Lots of Porsche dealerships and parts departments don't even know what a 968 is till they punch it up on there computer. Next time I'm in Las Vegas I'm gonna go see the people at Gaudin! Maybe they'll let me test drive a GT3 RS!!
Whenever we have out of town guests...we visit RWB.  Everyone is always impressed and always LOVE whatever they order.  Be sure to check out the specials - there are some yummy, yummy things listed there!  The portions are HUGE!
Been to this a couple of times. Excellent food at good prices. Love the tea they provide at the end. Nice friendly staff definitely a place to visit
Came here on a Saturday for dinner.. there was a wait for a table so we decided to sit at the bar for a drink until the table was ready.Ended up ordering food at the bar and giving away our table because Emily was so cool!!Seriously, my favorite bartender. EVER.Attentive but not annoying.Handled everything (being the only bartender there) very well.. timely and efficiently.Drinks: Moscow Mule and Vietnamese DonkeyBOTH SO GOOD.Food: Lobster Pho.. 5 stars. DeliciousOx Tail Fried Rice: 5 stars. Really good, and actually had good chunks of meat and a yummy over easy egg on top. Fried calamari: big portion (we had leftovers) really good kinda spicy dipping sauce! Overall, 5 million stars
Five stars all the way for this property! I stay here at least a couple of times a year, and for one of Marriott's limited service brands, the staff here really go out of their way. For example, when I changed reservations in the middle of our stay, they got me a better room and actually moved our luggage to the new room while we were out for the day. They also address me by name when I come and go. In particular, the woman at the front desk on weekday mornings is delightful, as are the two guys who work overnight.  I had even provided some constructive feedback the last time I stayed, and one of them remembered me and still treated me very kindly.  Even at the breakfast, the woman comes over, clears my plate, and asks if she can get me anything else. I have never had anybody speak to me at a limited service hotel morning breakfast buffet before!I also observe whenever I am in the lobby. This level of service is not just provided to me because I am gold elite.  Everyone is greeted with a smile, a kind word and a willingness to help.
I normally don't bother with dealing health stores but I have wanted to try out a hydrogen peroxide therapy to help detox the body and I didn't want to wait 5 days for shipping from amazon and this place popped up.It was relatively close to where I was and whole foods doesn't carry the 35% h2o2 so I stopped by here. Even though the parking was horrible, the store was pretty open and I was greeted by the owner (or I think it was the owner) and he was very friendly.I asked for my 35% food grade peroxide and he had some, and it was way cheaper than paying for it on amazon.5 stars for being clutch, and for having cheap prices. This is a mom and pop store, check them out if you are in the area.
Love the menu, love the service. I had lunch here on Friday for my first time here. There was a line of course when I walked in at 12:15 and the place is definitely a little noisy. Right away someone greeted me and asked if I'd be eating here or taking it to go. She reserved a table for me and my friend so we didn't have to wander around trying to find a place to sit after ordering (always the worst part of restaurants like wildflower, paradise, etc). We ended up spending $35 for two people for lunch, but I'm ok with that since we got two salads (both with protein added), iced tea, and fresh juice. My husband even commented that the food was much better quality that what we'd get at another fast-casual type restaurant. I ate here again a few weeks later - called my order in and it was ready to go when I arrived. They even have a separate door and counter for take out. Not cheap - $22 for lunch, but that's on me for getting salad with chicken, juice, and a brown rice krispy treat. I was still hungry later that afternoon - portions aren't huge, but quality is top notch.
Food is super fresh and delicious! Loved everything and wished I had room for more. Amber took great care of us. Can't wait to go back and bring more friends and family.
So far one of the best customer service I have had in a while. Everyone is pretty friendly and helpful, they make sure you are comfortable. The food is pretty good different compared to other places. Highly recommended especially if you like seafood.    Everything you eat will be flavorful its like a party in your mouth. The place is big so it is good for big parties. Some of my favorites are the Oyster Pork belly bun Steak and eggs Oxtail pho Slow braised pork belly in coconut juiceCoconut mojito ( verry good!) must try Best of all the big bone soup this a must as well The price is also decent considering how good the food is. Typically don't write reviews  unless the service is really bad or if I had a really good experience. With all that said Kudos to the staff for such wonderful customer service please do keep it up because for sure my friends and I will be a regular. :) I love that they are open till 4 am on the weekends.
Delicious, delicious, delicious. Zuppa's Deli always has a clean and friendly atmosphere. Their food is cooked to perfection & ready in a time efficient manner. They always have kind employees which makes the atmosphere even better. They offer many options with mixing & matching meals. Their menu is one of a kind. 5 out of 5.
Another great Port of Subs experience! The XL #1 on white with double meat! That's a beast of a sandwich and great value!!! FYI, a 2 foot sandwich is just a really good deal on two 1 foot sammys. But you can top them differently so sharing is possible, easy, and probably recommended! :)Oh, don't forget to pick up a Port of Subs loyalty card and register it. Every $100 gets you a free footlong sub of your choice and registering it online earns you a free small sub during your birthday month.
This is a great little neighborhood pet food market that also has grooming available.  More on that later.  There are a whole host of foods to choose from including very expensive premium brands.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful and will help you make the choices that you need.  I always give them my phone number each visit to look up the items I got last time and they help me find them, as products do tend to move month to month.  There are lots of fresh made treats and snacks for your furry friends.They have a groomer on staff, but best of all are self service tubs of various sizes that you can bath your own animals.  Depending on what you pay, you can get different kinds of shampoos and skin conditioners to bath them in - and then move them to a drying tub.  This is a great little mom and pop place.
My adorable but klunky big puppy from the local shelter accidentally locked me out of my car while I was removing the trash bins from the driveway.  I was locked out, blocking the road, during a freezing Madison winter night. The dog (and a second, her small dachshund brother) were really scared. Really not fun.I called Marvin, the owner of M&M.  He sped over and rescued all of us.  Within 45 minutes I was back in my house, all curled up with the dogs, and the road was clear for others to use.  Marviin provides quality service with Wisconsin friendly charm.  No hesitation to recommend him for any vehicle-related emergency.
I had heard great things about flower child and wanted to go and on the way home one day I saw a sign that said to come get take out. I decided to try because I wasn't really in the mood to cook. The restaurant is beautiful. Great outdoor and indoor space. Kombucha on tap! The have a separate window for takeout orders. They have a 2 different family meals, a larger one and a smaller one. The regular family $39 for chicken and it comes with 3 large sides of your choosing. The larger meal comes with 4 large sides. The chicken was chicken breast cut into slices. The three sides I got were the sweet potatoes (4 stars), the Indian cauliflower (4 stars), and the corn quinoa( 5 stars). The quinoa corn creamy concoction is like crack.  I love when places have family meals like this!
Fantastic service, atmosphere and food.  We ate until we couldn't anymore.My first visit here was spring break in college and my roommate who had not eaten steak in years (he went veg for a while) decided he would break down and try it since we were in such a highly regarded steakhouse.He loved it and raves about it to this day.  Good times.
Just took some of my old Army gear in there to sell. Very friendly staff and very hard to fight the urge to start shopping. This place is loaded with a lot of different things I noticed while just standing at the counter. This is a must go back and walk around looking at everything they have to offer.
My dog nips at men so I was terrified of having a man groom.  But she sheds a lot so my fiancé made the appointment and I'm glad he did.  First off, the prices are a steal.  Secondly, the man who groomed her was amazing he was super nice and my dog was calm with him.  My chihuahua/terrier usually has a lot of anxiety around people and she was nervous at first but didn't bite and by the time I came back she was really calm.  We came in to get her trimmed so she wouldn't shed so much over the summer and he did a really good job.  I will definitely be back!
Finding a solid spot to get a quality cut can be a challenge sometimes, look no further! Cutting edge II is the spot. G always gets me right and in a timely manner. From beard trim, to razor fade, to line ups I've never been let down. Thank you for bettering the community of southern highlands!
ATTENTION DOWNTown: this place has amazing food. the complicated order sandwich, the split pea soup, delicious!!! no words to describe, if you love your tastebuds treat them to this cafe.
A new fav for sure!!! Loving the concept of building a bowl with various hummus, meat, veggie and grain choices! I cannot wait to go back and try something else!! Good gluten free options and beyond for other allergies too!
Courtney is the best waxer I've ever had! I've been getting waxed for over a decade, and she's the only esthetician that I didn't have a reaction afterward. I think it has to do with her all-natural approach to her wax and products. She's gentle, super nice, and her salon is very clean. I'd highly recommend her!
I've been going to Bihlu and Kusums restaurant for over 25 years. The original location was at about 52nd McDowell(it was a treat after squaw peak hike with da)( but they have been at the current location for probably the last 20 years. They have a good mix of North Indian and South Indian food. Masala dosas have always been one of my favorites things to get. The vegies and sambar are always fresh as well. The title may not say it here but they are just as famous for all the amazing sweets they make as well. Indians from all over town order it by the tray but if you arent sure what you want to order ask them to sample it. Jalebi barfi and laddu are some of my go to's. I'm an american born and raised indian so I'm suggesting some of the more tame whitewashed options. The service is quick and the staff is always attentive. You'll see an crowd of ASU kids definitely during cricket matches but they also have indian music videos playing throughout the day. Before I forget my favorite thing to get from there to go is pani puri!. Picture a cracker like hollow bubble with potatoes chickpeas and a spicy sauce. yes my mouth is watering just describing it. I put in mint chutney and tamardind chutney. Im confident you have will a few items that you love and will have again and again.
The time has finally come, THE IMPOSSIBLE BURGER is here! The burger is plant based but is said to bleed, smell and taste like meat. My husband and I got it and now we feel like we want to order different burgers but substitute for the impossible patty every time!!! It was delicious! It's a different texture but there is so much flavor and you don't feel so heavy after eating it. When feeling a little guilty but still craving starch, I will order sweet potato fries but unfortunately never fully be satisfied. Not this time! The sweet potato fries were crispy, lite made perfectly! On top of our delicious meal I love the different ketchups. Seems simple but it's the simple things in life that we appreciate most! Also the staff was awesome! Very friendly and attentive.
Tyler is amazing!!!! Had my makeup done for my wedding and I never felt so pretty! I sent him some looks I liked, and he went above and beyond. The whole process was so easy! Totally will use them again in the future!!!!!
Recently had my sons birthday here.  I like this place much better than Sky Zone!  It's much more open and not crowded, even with open jump and other birthday parties.  Our hostess was awesome. They customize shirts for the birthday boy. Our hostess drew an awesome Super Mario shirt. The birthday party included a private dodge ball game which was so much fun. We played a few rounds and then she let us jump privately because there was no party after us.The place feels so clean. They have a free place for your shoes and belongings and seats all around so you can watch your kids jump if you aren't jumping too, where at Sky Zone you see parents standing at the entrance or sitting on the ground in those narrow walkways. The regular jump area is nice and open and they have a separate netted off area for younger kids that the parents can also jump in. Unlike Sky Zone that have small kids to one side, 8-10 yr olds in the middle and adults to the other side. It's very sensory friendly also. I wish FEAT would consider hosting family nights there. I only wish they would open a location closer to my side of town.
Outstanding service and food!!! My family and I will be back. Best Mexican food I have ever eaten, hands down!
When I walked into Epicure Cafe today it was like bizarroland - like when you come home from vacation and sense that everything isn't in its right place. You know you're at home, but someone's moved something, rearranged the furniture, or otherwise changed things ever so slightly but just enough to make you suspicious. This wasn't the Epicure Cafe that I remember from three or four years ago.I learned from Jackie, our cutesy server who was a total dupe for actress Clea DuVall, that a few years ago Epicure changed locations. To a few doors down farther east on Queen, on the same side of the street. Which explains the slightly-different-but-not-quite layout, decor and seating. It was a pleasant surprise. I didn't venture upstairs but I was told there's an outdoor eating area that will have to be explored on my next visit.The menu options are, like others have said, a bit overwhelming. But for the fussy eater (I was with one of them) there was no lack of choice - Epicure has everything from pasta (17 choices, including different sauces and shapes), burgers, pizza, wraps and another full page of duck/veal/lamb/chicken options. I appreciate the selection but it could stand to be honed a little! Luckily Jackie was able to recommend favourites when we showed indecision. My eyes went straight for the Pumpkin Ravioi ($14), which I was assured was "not a mistake". And it wasn't. I barely looked up my from my plate as I feasted my eyes on the glorious, pillowy ravioli on my plate. They were seasoned with ginger and nutmeg, tossed in parmesan cream sauce with grilled corn, wilted spinach and mushrooms. The mushrooms were perfectly sauteed, the spinach was wilted just right and the corn was fresh and added the exact amount of crunch that the dish needed. The portion wasn't skimpy either - at some restaurants when you order jumbo ravioli you get 3-4 pieces, but this was more than double the size. Good value for the money.I was more than tempted by the dessert board (tartufo, ice cream, tiramisu, Grand Marnier cheesecake or crème caramel, Belgian chocolate mousse, apple crumble) but unfortunately dinner left me positively STUFFED. After seeing that Epicure is now open until 1 or 2am every night I know where I'll be heading for late night dessert!
"River, we see that you haven't Yelped in a while, what the one place that you want everyone to know about?" This. Is. It. Everyone has that one vegetarian friend, right? They're always there on your tail making it so you and your friends can't get your McRib on at the local McD's and you have to make sure to reiterate her order with "NO BEEEEEF, SUB BEANNNNNS" at TB. Geez.. But there's no need to fear, Veggie House is here! I've tried a variety of dishes here and I've yet to be disappointed; Pan-Fried Noodles, Mongolian Beef, Wonton Soup, Beef Ramen, Sweet and Soup Chicken, Jasmine tea, BUN ROLL!! You need to order a fried bun roll.. Thank me later.This place is vegan/vegetarian and they serve no meat.. What? Yes. I tell my bestie every single time that they should put quotes around all their meat products so people don't get so darn confused. Their meat, it's not real- but trust me, it's a good thing. Especially when it just hits the table, it'll have you scratching your head. Once it cools, the "meat" starts to get a bit of texture, but it still pretty great. If you have the thing and you can't do textures, you're probably safer sticking to something with veggies instead.All the food I've had here has been really great, even if the service is a little shoddy. Don't let that deter you. Get the bun roll.I'm serious.
Awesome, awesome, awesome! Food was great and potion size was more then enough. Service and helpfulness was as well a pulse from Jo. Great place will defiantly will be going back! Did I mention inexpensive as well.
I enjoy coming here several times a week to eat, drink, party and sing karaoke. The managers John and Jose are great and the staff are attentive and fast. Food is good but to some it might seem a  "little" pricey but pricing is standard and to be expected of any place on the Las Vegas strip so hotel guests need to take advantage of any deals/specials.  The sound system is awesome. The amount of Vince Neil memorabilia is amazing and he is at the restaurant on occasion like his birthday this past February.
My wife and I went there last night to celebrate my birthday. It was our first time there so we were very excited to try another dining spot at the M resort. We arrived at our reservation time and the hostess was very nice and polite and showed us to our table which was in the back of the main dining room, which was perfect because it was away from all of the action and private.Our server Dave and his team were on point from the start. They got us everything that we ever could want and or needed. They were very friendly and amazing and made us feel like we were their only guests of the evening.The food was amazing and the portion sizes were impressive. When Dave said that most people order one vegetable and one starch for the table he didn't lie. The side dishes were impressive.StartersBeef Carpaccio - 4.5 Stars - Only complaint was too much Mache SaladLobster Bisque - 5 Stars - Nice Lobster Flavor - Not Fishy at allSeafood Louie Salad - 5 Stars - Seafood Cooked Perfectly, Perfectly SeasonedEntrees & SidesBone In Filet - 4.5 Stars - Needed more seasoning before hitting the grillAustralian Lobster Tail - 5 Stars - Cooked and Seasoned PerfectlyMac N Cheese - 4 Stars - Just Needed a Little more SeasoningCreamed Corn - 5 Stars - Best Creamed Corn EverTater Tots - 5 Stars - Crispy & Full of FlavorDessertsPeanut Butter Pie - 5 Stars - Perfect Way to End DinnerChocolate Souffle - 5 Stars - Light, Airy and Full of FlavorAt the end of the day  we had an amazing time and the restaurant exceeded all of our expectations. We will be back again soon.
Musicals suck, except this one!! Puns, fun, songs and a gun. Fake (?) blood, masks that look like bone, make sure you sit in the splatter zone. "Candarian Deamons" was my favorite number, they couldn't have made this show much funner! If you like the evil dead movies, check this out, it's truley groovy!GO SEE IT
Holy "Made fresh at your table" Guacamole!!!  My heart skips a beat just thinking about it.  Tex-Mex fine dining... at it's finest.Also an important note:  One of my top five places to drink a house margarita.
First time visit and it was truly amazing. Every single plate was wonderful. Great service as well. We will definitely be back and will spread the word. Awesome addition to the Pittsburgh food scene.
Had a Blast! The entire crew at Extreme AZ was extremely nice they set us up, showed us a few things, gave us a map and sent us on our way! 3.5 hours and 50 miles later we were beat! So worth it!
Fantastic friendly service. Very authentic flavor come thru their food. This is a great chines restaurant on the NW/N side (centenial hills). The egg flour and bean curd soups are freshly made with obvious care, not in bulk and sitting in the kitchen for hours!
On March 15th my husband & I decided to celebrate his retirement at Lawry's Prime Rib. We had made reservations for a busy Friday night but due to circumstances out of our control - we called & let them know that we were running a half an hour late! Well Ms. Carolynn Stevenson greeted us as we again apologized for our tardiness. She immediately put us at ease, told us she would get us seated as soon as possible, and show us to the bar. We waited maybe ten minutes when we were called and seated! Our server turned out to be - in our opinion - the BEST - Mun Froilan!!!!!! If you want the most awesome dining experience then ask for him when you make your reservation!!! It is a must! He makes you feel as if you are the one and only guests he has to please and take care of and everything he did he seemed to truly enjoy! The restaurant's décor is a 1930's-40's era which I love since the staff's attire also reflects that time period. You start off with the artisan bread (OMG - SO SO DELISH) and their famous spinning salad. The prime rib just melts in your mouth! The cuts we had were good size - Mun made sure of that! - and I had the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach which was so fabulous. The dessert cart that he wheeled out looked amazing but we couldn't fit another morsel of food in our mouths! Highly recommend this GREAT restaurant!
If you haven't tried mackerel, this is the place to be!Very comfy, never excessively loud. Environment is pleasant for you to sit down and enjoy good food. Also note, everything has been cleaned Don't judge the book by it's cover, this restaurant appears to be small from the outside but opens up a heck more as you go further. You will find large televisions hung on the walls frequently broadcasting Korean music videos rather sports or weather forecast is nice for a change.Song's is definitely at the top of my list for Mississauga's east-end Korean food. Their pork bone soup & grilled mackerel are an absolute MUST! Service is quick and staff is very polite. 10/10 very well done guys!
Nice atmosphere.  Excellent Thai curry and interesting other entrees. My wife got the small portion which she brought home leftovers while I got the larger portion and didn't have any leftover
Very good company to go with for attic insulation. I called to make an appointment and they were able to come out and do the job within the hour that same day. Brought my insulation up to code at a very reasonable price! The two guys that came out were very friendly and courteous.
So i came here for dinner. The service was outstanding and top notch. The food portions are very small but it is a high end type of restaurant. We started with a arugula salad: very fresh and delicious. Next i had some kind of bread with pork belly avocado and a few other things on top. It was awesome i never had something like that before. We drank moscow miles with everything! Easily one of the best mules i've ever had but it wasn't too strong. Next we had salmon which was hot and crispy omg he outside. The dip it came with was good too. Last we have a small piece of steak: very well cooked and crispy on the outside. i love when the food comes burning hot it's really so important! Last i had the banana bread pudding and signature pot dessert. Both were UHHHAMAAZZZINNG! Check out my awesome pics!
I absolutely LOVE Hanabi! I've had excellent service every visit and the quality has remained top notch. Unlike some other locations I've never had rude servers nor have I been neglected service when busy. The owner has gone out of his way to ensure my food was well prepared and I was properly attended to. Highly recommend!
This is a very cozy and cute australian cafe where the owner serves toasts with vegemite (YUM!) and flat whites and a whole assortment of other deliciousness!The atmosphere is very relaxed and quiet. The owner is ready to tell you about his experience of living in Australia and other great stories. Definitely love this place!
For father's day me n my sister's took our das  he was amazed of how big the serving wore.  the service was very nice n up beat and positive. Great job
Amazing place! My co-workers and I went here on. Saturday to celebrate a postpartum baby shower. I showed up late so didn't end up ordering food but i tried my friend's food.The Nachos were delicious! Served in a baking pan with sour cream and salsa on the side; and even though it was basic nachos (veggies and cheese), it was probably the best I had - they didn't try to mess up a good thing by adding extra toppings. Huge portion too! The drinks were so affordable! Hooch hour starts after 10pm so all shots were 2$ each and 5$ bar rails! I like the fact that the end of the restaurant turns into a dance floor after maybe 11pm if memory serves me right and they played awesome music the night I was there. The best thing about this place, in my opinion, is that there's a mini bar attached to the dance floor with the main bar being so close and is the centre of the restaurant. Would highly recommend this place if you're not into the club scene but want to go to a place with good food and great music
Beautiful, tranquil, warm and inviting. A favourite escape in the city. I hope it continues to be as cultivated as it has been for the last three years of my frequent visits.
Okay so this place rocks.You cannot go here without getting tyhe Prime Rib, it is amazing. The stick some mash potatoes and Yorkshire Pudding and I am in ex pat heaven. My one tiny tiny gripe is give everyone the yorkshire puddings in one piece so you can pour the gravy in and have a delicious bowl. That is how it is done, none of this cutting the yorkies into pieces business. The decor was semi fancy and the service was brilliant. Our servers all had a sense of humour, which you need when faced with a group of 15 guys out for shenanigans.This place is a must when you visit Vegas.
This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!
Nice Family restaurant, long wait time for food but really delicious. Appetizers doesn't stand out much, but definitely order pastas.
que restaurante tan padrewe had tacos al pastortacos rosaritochicharrón de quesoand a quesadilla de hongoswhich was really a sincronizadaall was excellent great ambiance and good servicegood mezcalthe only thing i did not like was my cocktail it was not terrible but it was not great so i moved on to straight liquoroh good music playing as well
If I could give this restaurant more than 5 stars I would. We always start with their wontons which are some of the best I've ever had and then get the red curry. The food tastes amazing and you can tell the vegetables are fresh. We have also had their BBQ chicken which is reminds me more of a curry chicken but is good nonetheless.
I'm reviewing it on the basis of take-out.  I love their yellow curry.  I've actually only ever ordered take-out, but have ordered 5 or 6 times now.  Every once in a while I get a hankering for it and have yet to be disappointed.  I can agree with the other reviews that the decor is not the fanciest...it could use some updating.  In fact, I probably would not take my wife here to try Thai for her first time, simply because experience is important.  However, the food is good and that's what keeps me coming back.  I'm a fan.
Huge selection.  Friendly SUPER helpful (and funny) sales woman.  As a plus size woman I am used to having maybe one rack of clothing to look through.  But not here!  I spent at least an hour looking around at all the fantastic modern and vintage tops and dresses.  I will be going back.  There IS a market for plus size women and I'm delighted that this place exists.
Excellent service from the cute blonde bartender Lindsay, cheap beer, good music and pool tables.  Oh, and the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen at a dive.  Definitely be coming back
Wow. Difficult is not the word I would use to explain Turtlehead Peak. How about "extremelystrenuousandrewarding"6 hours round trip, 2 liters of water, holes in my shoe, change in headband, backpack tan, sunglass tan, burnt arms, sore legs, and dirt all over my body was the result of my trip at Turtlehead Peak.Making it to the top of Turtlehead Peak I was rewarded with a really nice cool breeze, an ammo box holding a signature book, and one of the best views I have ever seen in my life. Worth it? Yes. Would I do it again? Probably not. Would not recommend for something looking for a nice stroll in nature or a quick hike (less than 4 hours). What I learned from my experience and mistakes is that you should have the following items with you:1. Excess water (better to have more than less in this case)2. Sunblock3. Hiking shoes or comfortable shoes that you don't mind destroying.4. FOOD! ( I really lacked on this one, I ate prior to the hike, but all that uphill really took a toll on my energy. I appreciate the kindness of whoever left a Clifbar inside the ammo box holding the signature book. Don't think I would of made it down without one)5. A companion6. A map or GPS device.7. Focus8. PatienceP.S. Don't get off the trail like my group did within the first 15 minutes. There are trail markers for you that will make the trip a lot less strenuous and more enjoyable. P.S.S. The first part of going down can be dangerous and it is easy to slip, so be careful!
So happy to have found a little piece of France in Pittsburgh! As a francophile and food-lover, i was excited to try this place out. It exceeded my expectations. The little shop mirrored the boulangeries in France. I ate the sandwich La Campagnard, which was a simple turkey sandwich on a baguette. Its simplicity, freshness, and texture made for an amazing gastronomic experience. I also sampled the Pistachio macaron which was reasonably priced and very good as well. Of course, i had to get a Baguette Tradition, which had an intoxicating smell and had the perfect consistency of crunchy and fluffy on the inside. Will definitely go back soon, and i suggest anyone who is visiting Pittsburgh must go here. The only downside was that there were only a couple of tables, and with the line forming into the street, not everyone could sit. Luckily, there is a park across the street.
This restaurant has the best Thai food I've ever had. That's it. Oh, and the people are really nice too.
Food is FRESH, great service and the cost is very affordable. They have a great selection of items to choose from. We have 3 kids and as you know, kids can be picky eaters. Because they have such a good variety there is something for everyone....even the most picky eaters. All and all, I highly recommend this Dining establishment. Dave Sac CA
I had a two hour time break to kill in between meetings and stopped by TiCoz. I've been here many times, but I had the best customer service experience I've ever had. Not only was it Taco Tuesday, so I had my choice of delicious Tacos, but my server was attentive, but not overbearing. The perfect restaurant experience and food to die for.
One of my friends was in from out of town so I brought her here.  Everything we had was delicious and the wait wasn't bad at all, we must have come in before the dinner rush.  We ended up trying the fried brussles sprouts, which were delicious. The Saganaki on the menu says it is flamed, but either the girl forgot, or they just don't truely flame it, so was kind of disappointed.  The Fried meatballs which were divine.  And the yellowtail Hamachi melted in my mouth. The drinks were very tasty as well, they had a granny smith apple cocktail that could be dangerous, as you couldn't taste the alcohol in it, so we ordered two. ;)In all, loved this place, will definately go back again.
I always bring my jewelry and rosaries in for repair here and they are the best!! Sal and Forrest are Great!!
I loved this place. We stumbled on it because we were staying in a nearby hotel. I told my daughter about it as she was staying in the same hotel. She ate at Sushi 21 twice during our trip.  I would definitely eat there again and would recommend it.
This place is a real gem. We dined here once and the food was delicious. Especially the scallops. Very romantic and cozy. Highly recommended.
Fast ForwardEvery trip from NYC to Pitt includes a visit to Aiello's. And if we know anyone driving East, we request a transfer!If you are in search of fancy "gourmet" pizza, go elsewhere.At Aiello's, you order the pizza you specify - and it is absolutely perfect!
So I was in dire need of assistance in moving and attempted to call the other "highly rated" movers only to be greeted by down right rude people. I'm sorry you're all booked but how the heck am I suppose to know that?! Any who i then found five star moving and I'm so blessed I did! From beginning to end these guys were on point. They were so professional and friendly it made the nightmare of moving a breeze. Love that they pick up the uhaul for you, all you have to do is be packed and ready to go. My upstairs  one bedroom was packed, moved in AND assembled in my new apartment in 2.5 hours! Everything was handled like it was their own and safely delivered! These guys busted their butt me in the heat, I kinda felt bad so I turned on the AC for them lol. If and when I move again, I'm def choosing this company again!!
Gary, Matt and Chris are true professionals in every aspect.  Always on time, honest and dependable. I have used their services for a decade and recommend them to anyone with pest elimination needs including monthly maintenance . Recently Chris performed a termite elimination for us.  He was very knowledgeable and dedicated to exceeding our expectations and at a fraction of the cost competitors wanted to charge.  Fantastic company to do business while supporting a small family business.
Best Chinese place I've been to in Phoenix. They have great service, incredibly generous proportions, and the food is to die for.
These guys always get the job done right. The got us in and out fast. They are friendly and professional. They offer a 1 month warranty on used tires. Honestly, one of the best llanteria's in Vegas!Thank you guys!
I used Luxe to install a three zone drip system. They provided me with a timely quotation and completed the work ahead of schedule without any additional charges. I would use them again and I will recommend them to my family and friends.
Great place to stop for the Badger game! A great Wisconsin friendly place in Vegas. I would come here again. Burger was big and juicy. Service was a bit slow, but there were a ton of Badger Alumni here for the game. The Alumni Association runs raffles and has stickers and tatoos, etc. Fun place. Filling food. Friendly service.
Can't say anything bad about this place! Great food, fun gaming and they special order my beer! Yes we are regulars! Avocado egg rolls with jalapeño ranch and stuffed mushrooms are a couple of our favorite appetizers! Love the staff and and the ambiance! I super am excited for football season to start up again. Good give aways, drink and food specials are the best!!!
Tried this place out for the first time last Knight. Think I found my new favorite sushi spot! Pretty vibey atmosphere and really nice inside/out. Fresh fish and good selection. I got AYCE focused more on the menu items. They have a buffet line with a few choices such as fried rice and egg rolls. Sushi is what a came for . You can only get 1 order of oysters w/ayce (2pcs) dinner menu only. I would pop these like crazy! But you can buy them by the half or full dozen. Presentation overall is A+. A couple behind me got a sashimi platter that had some dried ice effect to it pretty cool! All in all I'll definitely be back again. Go Knights Go
I recently answered a job offer on Craigslist which stated "In the chaos of unpacked boxes you orchestrate a home masterpiece!" which I quickly answered and got.  Basically I curated this woman's art, sacred objects and artifacts collection and needless to say it was a very memorable week working in what you can imagine to be a very eclectic home.  When the job finished my client invited the crew and I to a celebration dinner which brought us to a restaurant in Inglewood on 9th avenue S.E. called Sugo Caffe Italia.Just sitting outside Sugo I felt underdressed and so did my co-workers but our appetites and curiosity managed to find our way into the restaurant where our reservation of 6 was warmly greeted by the staff.  The decor in this restaurant is exquisite, simple and clean with accents of contemporary earthy art pieces on warm muted walls.  Jarred tomatoes and jams are illuminated upwards with mini lights shining brightly from beneath them and antique chandeliers hang above dripping with crystal raindrops and lined pearl beads.  There is no corner that has not been thought out decoration wise here and the table settings are complete with artisan ceramics and fine crystal glassware.An average meal is between 20 to 40 dollars but once you savour the many dishes on a menu that changes every evening and the many cheese options that I couldn't pronounce you are completely titillated.  Every meal's presentation has been evoked with an artist's touch and the freshest ingredients are presented in front of you to tantalize your palate.  I was extremely impressed by an ample Scotch list, over 15 choices and the huge portions of deserts that were presented in the most elegant formations that look like one could almost wear them as head pieces.I was so impressed by Sugo the first time that I took my partner there to have our own celebration dinner the very next evening.Absolutely 5 stars without a question.
Amazing food, drinks, service!We started with what we thought would be a 30-40 minute wait for a table- what did we expect on a Friday night?  they send text notification when your table is available (love that!). Our table was made available much sooner than anticipated. The Bloody Mary was super delicious and came with several garnishes-including a nice snow crab leg!   Our server, Dawn, was personable, and while we could tell she was super busy, she made sure we were taken care of, and explained any expected delay!  The menu was AMAZING!  Nothing sounded bad!  I had the snow crab boil with added vegetables (1 pound!) and corn on the cob with the Trifecta sauce at level 3 heat. My companion, the Incredible Running God, was more adventurous and had the shrimp boil (complete with "everything that shrimp was born with" as our server put it-eyes, tail, legs) with the Trifecta sauce in level 4 heat-"Angry ghost". Be prepared to sweat with level 4 spice!  The kiddo had the pepperoni flatbread which sounded like a horribly boring choice, but hey, what can I expect taking a moody tweenager who hates seafood to a crab shack!  The place was packed!  And for good reason!  It was our first trip there, but certainly won't be our last!
This place is the best hole in the wall with delicious food. There chicken fingers with seasoned fries drizzled with the same sauce, are the bomb!! I've followed them since I was 15, when they were at Stop n Shop. People complain about the area and the ambiance. That's all part of the package, you know if you go down there to find them, that's how good they are. 28 years later, I now take my kids there to eat or order out to take to drive in this place is on point!
Eric Max the bartender was incredible. He was very thoughtful and courteous. Made our night that much better by being quick with his drinks and highlighting our experience. Totally recommend sitting at the bar with him.
I come to DS Fitness Studio on Sundays and Mondays for their Cross Training classes and they are amazing! You want to step up your game in your fitness regimine and get a good booty kicking in an hour....then come to this class! Find your inner beast/beastette and come workout. You won't be sorry! If you are not ready for HIIT training....they have Zumba there as well. Stop by and check it out!
Probably one of my favorite pizza places. Food is always good and the brick oven is a nice touch you don't see everywhere.
A cafe with a very chill and relaxed ambience. The menu has a good variety, and out of the six drinks we tried, we weren't disappointed. We tried a mango smoothie, banana frozen latti, matcha latti, caramel latti, and from their signature teas: Emerald and Scarlett. We also tried the raindrop dessert and it's unique and something to definitely try, but maybe only once. The prices are very reasonable and I'm excited to try more! Oh, and the staff is very nice!
Amazing food! You wouldn't think it was the nice just by looking at the outside but the inside decor is wonderful. The Venison was perfectly cooked and the sauces were incredible it comes with the House rice which was also great. The Veal Marsala was a little too saucey for my taste but still really good. The dessert options are also great. Overall amazing place !
I had to find an anniversary dinner which had amazing food with equally amazing views.  I was a little skeptical of Prime because I've been to the other restaurants on the Bellagio waters, and they were nothing to write home about.  We were seated outside, overlooking the fountains.  The dry-aged ribeye was a party.  My wife and I were trying to figure out what made each bite so good, but at the end, we came to the conclusion that it was just damn good.  I've had Mortons, Flemings, etc. and this steak ranks higher than those places.  The wife ordered the Chilean seabass, and it was just alright.   The fish was flakey, but there was not much taste.  I'm comfortable giving this place a 5, even with the mediocre fish, because our dining experience was everything we hoped for.
I really need to try some other sandwiches that they offer but the Paul Reuben's is insanely good!!! Gotta have it on the Dutch Crunch bread.
New owners have really given this place a facelift! The veggie lavosh was recommended and did not disappoint. Looks like a great place to watch sports. Coming back without question.
One of the best burger joints. Love the concept, food, and exceptional service. Get the TNT burger if you like it spicy.
For me Eddie V's never disappoints.  Fantastic service, incredible food, great choices, terrific atmosphere... this is now my go-to place for an overall grand experience.  They offer Valet parking which I love... nothing worse than getting all dressed up and having to walk 2 blocks to get to your destination.  It is $3 plus tip... just an FYI.  We always make reservations just to be sure we'll get in.  If the tables not ready they have a very nice bar area to enjoy a cocktail while you wait.  Both times recently our table was ready even though we arrived a bit early so we just sat down.  Service is A+, first class all the way.  You can just relax and enjoy your dinner.  Things I love, Sea Bass!  OMG it is wonderful!  If you like Sea Bass... get it.  It is a huge portion and its usually market price...  Last time I ordered it was $35 which I thought very reasonable considering the portion size.  Very easily shared by two with smaller appetites. Sorry... back to appetizers... Oyster lovers love the oysters here!  they are on the happy hour menu in the bar area.  Yellowtail sashimi is OMG to die for.  Heirloom tomato salad was fantastic too.  Filet always a good choice... The asparagus was cooked to perfection and I would choose the augratin potatoes over the twice baked.  Ive had both and I prefer mashed or baked usually but these augratin are wow... really great.  The Sole is super!  It is a HUGE portion so unless you are a big eater or you are sharing... there is too much to eat but its prepared to a T!  It has a crispy exterior due to the parmasan crusting... and its delish!  Oh and if you order a steak... you can order any way, any sauce, peppered, etc.... pretty much it seems if you ask they most likely can do.  Just the way you like it! They also have live jazz playing in the bar area... very nice touch.
Wonderful restaurant.  Service was the best we have had in recent memory.  Michael was exceptional, friendly, talkative.  Definitely had a passion for what the chef creates.  Just about perfect.  As for the food, pretty darn good.  I had the Scottish salmon and at first thought it looked a bit small but it was just the right amount of perfect.  Super succulent with an excellent quinoa radish and edamame mix.  I was actually sort of surprised by how good it was.  Went with the advice of the waiter and couldn't be happier.  The lady had the chicken which was probably the best preparation I have had.  Super moist, served on an awesome bacon stuffing....could have eaten a bowl of stuffing all on its own.Since it was her birthday we had the s'mores.  Which the house comped; a total surprise and it really just rounded the night out to perfection.
Awesome customer service! I finally upgraded and got so much help. The sparkling female there was so nice. She explained the difference from my old device to the new one I just decided on. She helped with flavors (bc with the upgrade the flavor tasted different than what I'm used to) she helped balance it out and made sure I left liking what I had. Above and beyond. I've tried a few shops in the area but this is the ONLY one now!!! Thank you.
This bike shop was awesome!! Reasonable prices, GREAT customer service, not condescending at all, (like you sometimes get at bike shops)! Super helpful tips on trails nearby, helped us get the bikes into our car, trail maps, reverse osmosis water to fill your camelback, etc! Literally couldn't ask for more!
Food was delicious and the staff was friendly and they made feel welcome.  Try them out!
Pretty good brunch place. We went on a Sunday and the wait was about 35 minutes. The salmon brunch plate was amazing- salmon omnelet, lox on a half bagel with various greens and the mocha was rich and chocolately. The Bloody Mary was not too good though, it tasted premade, but the Montreal seasoning they used to line the rim of the glass was a nice touch. Atmosphere is nice with communal seating.
Great hidden gem with fantastic tea, coffee & pastries. Didn't try any lunch items but def going back. Perfect place to sit and enjoy some time with a friend or good book
My experience here was great . Alexa was so helpful she was wonderful and made the procedure so quick and easy
One of the single most impactful investments I've ever made in my business career.  More ideas and connections than I thought possible.  And easily a 10-20X investment.  I just joined for my third year. And I can't stop referring people.
Love love love this place ! Clean and inviting and excellent staff!Always a great experience! Thank u!!!
Great food, cute little place. My husband loved the turkey melt and the mash browns were excellent. The staff was also very friendly and attentive.
This is a very very nice indoor range and affordable to shoot your own or any of Discount Firearms selection on the wall. The sales staff and range masters are all polite to help with any question you may have. The indoor range is top notch by far with high standards.
My hubby and I went here for our first date night away from our newborn.  It's definitely worth it. Great burgers with lots of options.  The fries were amazing and my most favorite thing was getting a milkshake!  Chunks of apple pie within a shake!  Oh my!  Highly recommend!
Grilled chicken on sourdough swoon. I love all of their food. And it's a late night drive thru. Lots of healthy options.
I'm just going to say what needs to be said- Soul is the best restaurant in Charlotte. They made a mean dirty martini and the pork belly tacos are ridiculously addictive. I think the fact that I'm willing to wait well over an hour  to be seated (which is usually WAY beyond my waiting threshold), says something about how amazing this place is. Go and you won't be disappointed!
AMAZING. Absolutely love this place. For pilates and barefoot bootcamp, Martin and Liz are unreal. Janelle and Mark teach an awesome TRX class. Strongly recommend that you arrive at least ten minutes before a class. One of the reasons I love this studio is the number of classes they have in the day. I can go to the 5:45 and 6 am classes or hit the 7:15 and 8:30pm classes depending on my schedule. On top of the great instructors and class times, it is also really affordable. Especially compared to other studios nearby.
Highly recommend CEG, Alex, the owner takes pride in teaching each game as a craft, not just a job. CEG employee's are passionate about teaching you proper game protection, process and procedures to make you a highly desirable applicant. Hours are flexible, including some weekends are nice as well.Alex is an honest, fair, and empathetic owner that want's you to succeed!I am looking forward to learning several new games.Go in and ask current student's about their experience, we all love it here!
Great place! The entire staff is super friendly. Ask for Becca if your looking for a good Ashiatsu massage.
Some of the best sushi I've ever had! And every time we have gone in they have given us a free roll! Love the yum yum sauce!
Love this place! Coffee is great and pastries made fresh and yummy! There's outdoor seating great for when the weather is nice.
I was lucky enough to find this place. The manager Jack was absolutely unbelievably helpful and kind. And he likes dogs! He was efficient and help me in anyway he possibly could I was in a dire need of a new mattress and box springs and he helped me. I was in and out of there within a half hour of choosing what I wanted. I am not sure that I will ever shop anywhere else for a mattress. They will have my business forever and I will also let everyone know about them. Fast easy and efficient. Thank you again for all your help and consideration and time.
We decided to try someplace new for our weekly breakfast out as a family, and I'm so happy we went to Lone Spur Cafe. Our server, Michelle, was awesome! We had our two toddlers with us, and she engaged them from the get-go, which is huge for us. She got our older daughter some stickers to play with, and they even had a saddle bag up front with goodies in it that the kids got to pick from. She mentioned that it's a very family-oriented business, and that was very clear in how the kids were treated as guests, not just accessories of their parents. I love it when businesses embrace kids!The food was also top-notch, and arrived to the table quickly. I had the Eggs Benedict, and loved their thick, buttery Hollandaise sauce. Their breakfast potatoes were also very good. My husband had a skillet meal that looked great, and I stole a bite of his toast with house-made jam, that was seriously soooo good. The service, food, and atmosphere at Lone Spur were all great, and we will definitely make a return trip in the future to try some of their other offerings! A big THANK YOU to the management and staff for creating such an awesome family environment!
Excellent idea and execution. I love that the pierogies rotate and then lunch special was very affordable. Excellent service as well.
Food was as advertised/reviewed by others...love that it's so close to home too! And nicest people imaginable too!!
Bobby Flay makes delicious food. I have been to Mesa Grill three times, twice for lunch, and it's one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. The space is huge, so even on a night you think a seat might take a while, they can typically accommodate you, so don't skip this place thinking it'll be too tough to get seated. Each time the service has been fantastic. For lunch both times I got the Green Chili Cheeseburger, which comes with some awesome spicy French fries. The sandwich has cheese, delicious green chili and picked onions. It's awesome and that's why I got it both times. For dinner, I got the pork, and there's was absolutely nothing left on the plate. The price is what you'd expect, but not outrageous. It's definitely worth the visit on your trip to Vegas.5 *****.
I've been massaged in 4 states by dozens of masseuses over ten years. I have received sports massages, Swedish and deep tissue. I consider La Vida to be a very good facility and Angel to be a very competent therapist. For more than 6 months I have gone once every 3-4 weeks.I work out regularly and consider a massage a great way to heal sore muscles and low back pain from sitting at a desk all day. After my old therapist moved to Florida, I began the annoying process of trying new ones. Some have trouble dialing up or down the pressure. Some can't get the low back pain out like others. Some reek of cigarette smoke. Some are lazy, using one hand at a time instead of two.Then I found Angel, who is quite competent. If you wanna chat, she'll chat. If you want quiet relaxation, she'll put you at ease. If you say "I hurt here", she will solve it. I consider one of Angel's attributes to be the fact she can dial up or down pressure just BARELY, and maintain that. She can find where it hurts and, due to her through knowledge of fascia and layers of tissue, massage the pain away. After repeat sessions, she understands I need more pressure on the right side of my spine than my left. Angel's ability to meet her clients needs combined with her through knowledge of muscle and fascia along with the ability to maintain consistent pressure make her an extremely competent therapist.If Angel is busy or sick, Ivan is a fantastic alternative. He's an A in my book, with Angel an A+. Edit: Forgot to mention, Ivan's strengths are deep tissue and neck work. If your neck specifically is killing you or you need real deep tissue, Ivan is your man.La Vida is an upper middle / yuppie chain massage location with ample parking. I feel strongly that these are superior to middle brow chain massage places (such as Massage Envy) and superior to upscale spas (such as Sewickly or Seven Springs or Esspa). Simply put, La Vida has lots of returning clients and as such, a steady stream of business and competent and calm massage therapists with little turnover.
Boyfriend and I don't really gamble (tho, I do occasionally play some Blackjack or Poker), so when we come to Vegas, it's usually for a different reason -- wedding, or, most recently, Boyfriend's show at the Double Down saloon. Thus, we actually PREFER a hotel with no casino in it. I got a Travelzoo rate several months ago for $109/nt for a King Suite with a view.When we arrived, check-in was VERY efficient and speedy. Our room was on the 55th floor and we had a view straight down the Strip. The room was spacious and had a well-equipped kitchenette (including Sub Zero mini fridge, Bosch microwave and Cuisinart toaster and blender). The bathroom had a huge marble shower and separate Jacuzzi bathtub, double marble sinks and a flatscreen TV INSIDE of the mirror! The furnishings are very clean and modern and the room felt luxurious.The best part of the entire room was the bed! It was easily the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in -- IN MY LIFE! The front desk told me they are made by Stearns & Foster specially for Mr. Trump, but that he thinks something similar is available through the company. The sheets were high TC and the pillows and comforter were lofty and plump. The hotel also offers a 4 p.m. late checkout for no additional charge, which was perfect since we were out until 4 a.m. the night before.My complaints are extremely minor: no call-down service for the valet (but the wait was usually only about 10 minutes), no free WiFi ($12/day is a little steep and I felt it should have been included), no additional toiletries like mouthwash or toothpaste and the shampoo/conditioner wasn't very high quality. Boyfriend also thought there should be some sort of rubber mat for the shower, since it was all marble and was very slippery once wet. My only other comment is that the lobby is a little bit gauche (but, it's Vegas...what lobby isn't?!).All in all, I thought this was a FANTASTIC value and, as I said, the best bed I've experienced in my life. I will definitely be back.p.s. in response to those who say it's "off the Strip," it's not. It's on the older part of the Strip (near Circus Circus), but it's not technically "off-Strip."  Also, when it's 110 degrees outside, I don't know who is actually WALKING from casino to casino, anyway!!! Seriously? Doesn't everyone take a cab everywhere?
This place is very small and cozy, but what I love most is that you really get such great food for the price! Also, its a family-owned place, and we always make a point to come out and support the owners who we've gotten to know, every time we're in Kensington :). Best breakfast place in town, hands-down, if you are looking for a simple, down-home breakfast!
Very happy with the friendly service as well as they got me in and out. I had never been a customer of Red Devil Auto but I am now, glad I stopped here.
I really loved this place! The food tastes amazing and fresh i ate the ribeye and as big as it is for a lady i almost ate it all!! (If it wasnt because i was with some business partners haha) the pork belly nachoa are to dieee for will deff come back and eat some more!!
This place is as friendly and kind as you would expect to be treated in the farm belt, where this company hails from. Also portions are huge!A special shout out for Yvette. The nicest and most darling waitress you'll ever meet
Amazing steak, great cocktails, plus very efficient and friendly service. We'll definitely be coming back!
The only thing that makes extended layovers bearable, is the Maple Leaf Lounge. this little oasis makes time fly.  If I do not have nay pressing deadlines, I am happy to just read my book and have some snacks.  However, if the pressure is buildling up at work, I enjoy their wireless internet, and Citrix in, and get productive.The snacks are usually perfect for what I am looking for.  They usually have a wide assortment of light items.  I tend to be on and off diets, so if I am craving sugar, they got it.  If i am watching my intake, they have fruits and veggies.The staff are always non-intrusive, and the guests tend to be like-minded. Other than the comfy setting and snacks, it keeps me out of the shops. :)
So the guys told me they steep the fresh brews for 7min. If you like your tea strong like me, order any fresh brew for 10 min steep and the drink half sweetened with honey. BOMB. Update: CREPES ARE BOMB. I'm used to a crepe having only the stuffing on a small mid section on the half of the crepe. But these crazy  people put the toppings on the whole complete half of the crepe and then fold it in that typical crepe way that it feels like it's a crepe cake with fruit and Nutella layers. BOOM
Craig puts the customer first.  He gives friendly good service quickly and gets good results.
What a great cocktail bar! I'd never spent time off the strip in Vegas, but I was staying in Downtown for a work trip last month when my friend and I came across Velveteen Rabbit. Vegas gets a bad name for being super kitschy and touristy, but there are places like this bar that are so refreshing and change my whole perspective on what the city has to offer. I loved the inventive menu and the back story of the bar's inception. One thing I loved about it most? It's classy, but not snooty.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I'm a bit of a sucker for Irish fare in general, but the atmosphere here takes it a step further. Small and intimate with dark woods and nice artistic accents. I've had just about everything on the menu and the only thing I was unimpressed with was the roasted chicken. Definitely try the fisherman's stew! It's sooo goooood. The corned beef and cabbage is amazing, the shepherd's pie is so savory and the bangers and mash are just wonderful. They do a great snakebite too (which down in Chambana is Guinness and cider, not Guinness and Harp)
When a friend told me there was a Pierogi place near my house I was excited.I went and had dinner two nights later and saying I was happy doesn't do it justice.I had the Kielbasa with Cabbage and Mushroom Pierogis. I also got to try the Meatballs with Tomato Sauce and the Farmers Cheese and Chive Pierogis. The Kielbasa was lean and tasty. Both Pierogis were great but the Meatballs were fantastic.On a whim I took the Beef Stuffed Cabbage with Mushroom Gravy for lunch. It was very good but didn't compare to the Meatballs. Probably because the Tomato Sauce was much richer in flavor.Don't forget to visit the market next door. It has so many goodies including Cracovia Plum Butter. Simply Fantastic.
By far my favorite Cleveland/Akron restaurant!  Great food, very consistent.  Bartenders are always great.   If it is on the menu... Try it.   Only the Navajo tacos have been so so.  Everything else is outstanding.
Our favorite when in Las Vegas.   Fantastic prime rib and always great service.  We miss Ms. Taylor, but Ms. Pleasant took over and we had a great time celebrating my wife's Birthday.  Ms. Pleasant is excellent!  See you next visit!!!!!!
My wife and I know breafast fare, and we think Bouchon is the best anywhere, bar none.  Yesterday morning was our second visit to Bouchon - the first was a couple years ago.  The setting feels elegant and calm, in stark contrast to manic hustle of the Las Vegas Strip.  My wife ordered the Quiche du Jour, which yesterday was a quiche florentine (spinach and cheese), served with a simple salad of lightly dressed greens.  I had the Croque Madame (toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce) which was served with more french fries than I deserved.  Seriously, Chef, you can pull back on the volume of fries.  But everything, from the complimentary bread served with butter and incredible jam, to the perfect quiche to the wonderful croque, was FANTASTIC.  Highly recommend.  Only criticism was they were a bit snooty when my wife and I tried to swing by for lunch the day before - seems strange that they say they are open for lunch but close at 1 pm.  Regardless, we can't wait to come back.
Excellent flavour, clean, nice people!Love the ambient.. the "hot wings are not really that hot"
Excellent pizza! I travel a lot and one of my favorite things in different cities is to try a locally owned pizza place. Delivery was right in the timeframe they provided and to my hotel room directly, both my pizza and breadsticks were hot on arrival and the delivery guy was friendly. The breadsticks came with a really flavorful sauce and themselves were perfectly baked and seasoned. The pizza was just a cheese pizza and the ratio of cheese/sauce/crust was on point and tasted great! As much pizza as I eat I ought to be considered an expert and if I wasn't leaving town tomorrow I'd be visiting these guys again. Great food. Thank you!
Being huge fans of Unibroue (and the fact that they don't give tours at the brewery), it was essential for us to check out Fourquet Fourchette... and that we have... TWICE!  A great place for beer geeks!  They have their entire line-up of current beers to choose from and an excellent little store that you can purchase bombers and interesting things like Trois Pistoles Mustard, Blance De Chambly Orange Marmalade, and Trois Pistoles Blackberry Jam (we purchased all three of these and they are all delicious)!We hit the restaurant at a weird time (around 4pm) on this trip and they had a limited menu.  We did a meat and cheese plate to go along with a Sampler (3 ounces of Blanche De Chambly, Ephemere [Seasonal], Blonde De Chambly, Noire De Chambly, La Fin Du Monde, and Trois Pistoles) and Seigneuriale for me and an Ephemere Cerise (Cherry) for my wife.  A minor setback was that four of the six beers in my sampler came out of the bottle instead of the tap, so only two of them had that super-fresh taste, but it was still good nonetheless.  I would recommend finding out what is on draft and sticking with those, though, because those beers will rank among the best beers you will ever have in your life.Restaurant atmosphere was beautiful.  When we went during the summer, it felt like a lovely cottage house on the lake.  When it was cold in October, it felt like a rustic ski lodge just getting ready for the snow.  Service was very courteous.  We practiced our French this time (as there were some language barriers on the first visit) but both of our servers spoke excellent English.Definitely recommended to swing through on your way up to Montreal.  Even if you're heading to Quebec City, it's not difficult to get to, just a long trip after you leave.  If you're heading back to the US, just remember that you'll be dealing with the border about a half-hour after leaving and that might not work out too well.  Please note that we were able to purchase Unibroue shirts on our first trip through but we heard a rumor that no more clothes were being produced.  I hope they change their mind on that one!  Also, be sure to check their hours before making the drive as they have limited hours during Chambly's slower months.
I give it 5 stars Bc the good is really good, I'm sure there is better out there but the flavors are fun and unique. They are fast and convenient, friendly and accommodating. They give u huge portions, it's always warm and hearty. The pricing is extremely reasonable and don't skimp on sauces or sides. They always pay attention to my instructions when I order on grub hub too! Love this place when I want to have a filling late night dinner. Delivery times never exceed 30-40 minutes.
July is my One year anniversary of practicing under Aina, an Authorized Ashtanga Teacher from Shri. K Pattabhi Jois Ashtanga Yoga institute in Mysore, India. My practice, knowledge and consistent dedication has progressed tremendously in 1 year versus to all of the years that I have practiced yoga on and off, for cleanses, challenges, girlie times, skittles and giggles....since 2001.I am so blessed to have this sacred space to traditionally practice the Ashtanga System. Aina has an amazing way to observe, adjust and allow you to grow into your own practice of Mysore Magic. Ashtanga (8 Limbs of Yoga) has completely changed my life. Ashtanga Yoga Las Vegas is the place for you to delve further into the world of sun salutations/Surya Namaskaras at 5:30 am as it was traditionally taught.
I never expected to say that I love a vet. I love everyone I interacted with thus far at Gateway! I have two dogs - one loves everyone (so this was easy for him) and the other is ... a little more hesitant. When I came in, the lobby seemed pretty busy (they were getting low on seating, but not out) and I took a number. I was seen less than 30 minutes later, and never felt like my wait was too long.When I was taken back, there are tables set up, where the vets and vet techs come talk with you and help your pet. You're not in a separate room (like my old vet). This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I think for one of my dogs it was better because while he got blood drawn and a vaccine, he was too distracted to care - there was (what looked like a) lab/pit mix across the room who may have at one point looked at him! How interesting! and that golden over there! What's that smell behind me?Everyone that works there is friendly, and they work quickly. Since they work rather quickly, don't expect to sit down and have a long conversation. They get to the point, and then send you on your way because there are twenty more dogs to be seen. I never felt rushed though.If you own pets, you know that they can be expensive. Even small expenses add up quickly. I ended up at Gateway because I priced out my annual vet trip at my old vet and cringed. A lot. I called around and checked out a few other places. I felt like Goldilocks. One vet was a little cheaper, but the staff seemed to hate their jobs and maybe me. Another vet was more expensive but seemed nice. Gateway? Gateway was just right. Gateway didn't offer me any discount, yet I felt like I got two for the price of one (I paid what I would have for just one dog at my old place). My dogs got their vaccines for the next year plus(heartworm and rabies), as well as kennel cough, and one of my dogs got microchipped. Previously I was told that the kennel cough vaccine is given every other year as a shot, and every other nasal - but Gateway had oral. That was so much easier on both of my dogs! One of my dogs is a pug, so the nasal was unpleasant for him and I (on the plus side, last year I got the vaccine as well - since he sprayed it all over me). Both of my dogs seemed well cared for while I was there, and got plenty of love. The microchipped dog seemed neutral (and wouldn't take any treats from the vet tech after she took him to get microchipped), but he pug LOVED it. I practically had to drag him out of there. Being so incredibly busy, you'd expect Gateway to be a circus, but it was run pretty smoothly. I hope I won't be back until next year, but I know that regardless they'll take excellent care of us.
Really friendly staff, very willing to make adjustments or re-make your drink to your liking. Best boba in town, soft and chewy (even in cold drinks 30 min later), nice honey and brown sugar sweetness...not too sweet and definitely not bland like some other places. Very good tea flavor and great tea:milk ratio. Tried the Okinawa milk tea (not as heavy as Hokkaido and more tea than milk flavor). Loved it!
I had to share, this is the best nail salon I've been to in the Vegas area! Ive had gel twice with Kim and she's great. The entire salon is staffed by the friendliest people and I think the reviews speak volumes. My first gel manicure lasted 3 weeks which is unusual for me, I can maybe get 2. Clean, friendly, and a lasting manicure!
This place is absolutely amazing. I was at an art show across the street, starving, late on a Saturday night and I knew I didn't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of old town eateries, I was so glad to stumble upon this amazing hidden jewel. My boyfriend and I happen to be the only two in the place so our service was of course outstanding. The food was great, we split the crab puffs, which were nothing special but still good. I had the beef fried rice, just the presentation was impressive in itself the so to no surprise the taste was equally well over par. My boyfriend had a chicken curry dish he still raved about days later. The only thing that might have made our experience less than perfect is that I ordered a pear saketini and the glass came only half full, strange, and the music was less then appealing, if I heard another instrumental version of the song from Titanic one more time during or meal I was going to scream, literally it played four times while we we there, which was only about an hour and a half. Over all well worth the price we got out of there just under $45 including drinks.
Booked the rental online after comparing prices at other car rental locations on the strip. The price was reasonable, a little higher than off strip, but was willing to pay for the convenience. The service was awesome. Friendly, easy and no high pressure upselling. The car was clean and was exactly as booked. Easy to find the car from the clearly marked Hertz stalls.
Placed my very 1st order today. I am very pleased with my order. Very friendly and the BEST customer service I've dealt with since moving to the valley. Thank you for being awesome! I order a Green Chili with Shredded beef burrito, cheese quesadilla, side of beans, chips and salsa, and a side of sour cream. It was worth the wait and can't wait to order again!
I like their service, they have plenty of tools and building materials. They have nice customer service and everything around is clean.The customer service is very helpful and courteous. It's worth working with them
Are you ready to be transported? Because that's what will happen when you order this food, transported to a euphoric state of pure deliciousness. So I ordered the dumplings and the hunan two. First things first you can order chow menu instead of rice, which was a hard decision but I went with the chow main. The staff is very friendly and there is a very cute fish tank while you wait, anyways pick up the food and get home. This stuff is amazing. The red bell peppers in here are amazing. They are fresh and lightly sautéed, as well as the broccoli, zucchini, mushrooms and onions. This is a great portion for what you are ordering and the meat is nice big slices. The sauce is this spicy brown concoction with lil Brown beans that are perfectly spicy. The chow mein is seriously amazing and also a great side size portion. These dumplings have to be some of my favorites in the valley and I have tried my fair share. This is incredibly worth it, better than most Chinese take out by far. It isn't your typical take out. Seriously give this place a try.
This is the second Mastro's location that I have gone to. I've been to the one in Thousand Oaks, CA a few times and thought I would give this location a try. It is located in the Crystals shopping plaza that is next to the Aria hotel. This place is really nice and you feel a little bit underdressed if you aren't in your Sunday best. I made reservations ahead of time but the place didn't looked too packed for a Saturday night. We had a nice table an attentive waiter. We got our drinks pretty quickly and the martinis were strong.  There was some live music being heard from the lounge area near the bar area which had a nice touch to it. I still went with the meat selection even though this was the Ocean Club. My boyfriend and I both had petite which is served on a searing hot plate. The meat continues to cook on the plate and just easily cuts like butter. The steak just melts in your mouth as the seasoning of the meat and light butter from the plate meet in your mouth, I call it Meaty Symphonic Harmony. We also ordered the sweet potato fries as a side. This is no mere small side dish but a mound of fries is delivered. Each fry is seasoned with an almost tempura like batter on the outside that leaves you craving more and more. I was stuffed after the filet and the fries and the yummy bread basket they bring you (with warm pretzel bread and other goodies). Dessert is something that just can't be missed and I suggest the sinful delight of the signature Warm Butter Cake and whipped cream. The butter cake is rich and heavy with deliciousness and the whipped cream is no ordinary whipped cream. It almost has the consistency of ice cream as it hits your palate. This is my treat for the year, it is expensive so be warned but it is also a high class meal. I highly recommend it.
I am a fan!  Been here several of times and never a suprise. Rooms are top notch and the price is Very hard to beat! Sportsbook is on point! 24hrs?!  Only thing I missed was the fire bet for craps.
Did the bang for your buck deal I found on Groupon. Pricey but so worth it! We were in town for the weekend, and called ahead to make a reservation on a Sunday. Very friendly and hassle free process over the phone, and they even offered a ride to and from our hotel. The day of the reservation the driver was a little late, but they called to let us know, which was much appreciated. He only was 10 minutes behind due to traffic on the strip, which is understandable. When we arrived we only had to wait 20-30 minutes. The girl at the counter was super helpful and helped us decide which guns we wanted to try. Surprisingly, the sten ended up being my favorite for the day. Brandon walked us through the entire process, he was a great instructor, and very patient with us newbs. This is a bit embarrassing, but I somehow scratched my delicate hand while handling a gun, I'm usually a big baby, but Brandon was such a gentleman and even gave me a bandaid. Overall this is experience was amazing and to be honest I'd come regularly if I lived nearby. Definitely will come back when ever I'm in Vegas!
Moving is one of the most stressful things in life so if a company can make it a little easier they get an A in my book.  Rich was very helpful and patient. He gave great recommendations on which truck to rent and what the best deals were. He even compared to other companies which made me trust him more. This was one of the best moving experiences I've had.
This is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, if not anywhere. Every aspect is well thought out and perfectly executed. My husband and I have eaten here twice, both times have been amazing. We spent our honeymoon in Spain and visited San Sebastián, the home of Spanish pintxos. This restaurant always reminds me of that amazing trip. The food is well executed and delicious. The last time we went we stopped in on a whim expecting to either not get seated or maybe wait for a bar seat. The staff was so accommodating, they were able to fit us in the dinning room by chance. Service is superb. Highly recommend the pickled cauliflower, amazing dish.
Had the Carnitas tacos. Very good quality - fast and friendly service. Delicious. Nice atmosphere. Oh yeah. Authentic. 5 stars.
Saw the Kusama exhibit. Lots of dots. Long lines. Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end.
Marcus was amazing, such a great personality! He was so helpful and definitely knew everything and anything about all the brands. Answered any questions we had. If you want the greatest customer service and most knowledgable person, ask for Marcus!
Great lunch..perfect wings and a Greek salad.   Service was perfect too.  A hidden gem. Tv's for everyone
Another great exterminating service performed by Pam. In my opinion she is #1 in serving the Fountain Hills area. Always friendly, professional and reliable! We 100% endorse this service.
Had my car window shield replaced while at work. Safelite was on-time, fast and super efficient. They call before the appointment, and review all the charges before beginning. I would use them again in a heartbeat.
Outstanding food for a decent price.  You can get a good bottle of wine for $30 to $40.  Try doing that at Maestro's.   Lots of compliments from other Yelpers on the cornbread, but it's a little too heavy for my taste.  My favorite dishes are:  artichoke heart as an appetizer is unreal.  Best ribs I've ever had and I lived in Texas for 6 years.  Great filet.  Great prime rib dip sandwich.
I feel the need to chime in here because I don't believe N.H. has fairly evaluated their experience here.  I have been going to the Goodyear Donor Center since about 2012.  It started as a Father/son thing and I continued after my son went off to college.  Now, I have had successful donations and I have had unsuccessful donations.  At one point I had to take a 16 week break.  Things happen.  But reality is what it is.  Sometimes it just doesn't work out for one reason or another.  Back in the day if you had a failed attempt in one arm followed immediately by a failed stick in the other, they'd apologize and send you on your way with a bandage on both arms and no donation.  No need to be upset about it.  It happens.  It is simply fortunate that I can donate.  Many can't but I cant see getting upset about it.  For whatever reason it just wasn't time NH.  Whether it was something in the questionaire or who knows.  I have yet, in all the time I have been going there ever felt unwelcomed or unwanted there.  Sorry you prepared so heavily and feel let down.  I can say the staff are all wonderful.  They are like a whole different family and the time spent in the chair is comfortable and safe!  I can honestly say I am defensive of them because I have spent many many hours in the chair.  Ms.Betty at the desk is definitely in her element!  Everyone there is upbeat and no one is ever grouchy!  Vinny is magic with a needle for those of you who worry about that.  Go in some time and check it out.   Get your questions answered and avoid possible hiccups down tbe road.  It is important to everyo e who is dependent on blood and blood products!
Thank you to the friendly staff and always beautiful nails, never a wait for me but I do go earlier in the day. The nice accommodations to the kids is a plus, hot coffee or the tea is another plus. Come here and you will leave looking fabulous. Thank you Melinda for the friendly service.
Heard so much about this place I had to come and check it out. Very speedy service and the oreo chocolate milkshake has become an instant hit!! Great fresh taste to burgers and smash fries are good!!
The breakfast menu is complete and the items are good. Lunch and dinner is over the top. All items from the sandwiches to the main entres are great. There is great care in creating these recipes and menu items. They make a new demiglaze every night. The Caprese Salad is great to share. The musels are served a couple diferent ways and both are great. The Pasta Giovani hits many different cravings. I usually have them provide the food for my birthday dinners. No matter how much food they cater, there never seem to be any left overs. Just as important as the food is the personal service. From the owners to the chefs to the servers, everyone here treats us like family. Lastly, if you like Bloody Marry's, they have a very complete Craft your own Bloody Marry Bar.
Dr Allen was simply amazing. First, I doubted how good they would be because the receptionist was not that friendly, nor he seemed to even be kind. But dr. Allen was quick, friendly, helpful! I am waiting for my contacts, hopefully they fit me well :) if they do I'll keep coming back to him.
Divine threading is the only place to go to in Las Vegas for your threading needs! Noor is always does an excellent job and the other ladies as well. A definite customer for life right here.
Came in today with my family of three growing boys. Another awesome experience. Clean lobby bathroom and playground as well. The food was tasty as always. They even gave us table service with a smile... Ie refilled our drinks and cleaned off our table. Eat Mo Chicken!
How have I never reviewed Caramba's?!?!? I've been eating at this place for at least the past 13 years. It's a family favorite and you might say it's been a little bit more than a staple of my diet for nearly as long.My two most favorite meals from Caramba's are the bean and cheese burrito (fresh tortillas and the perfect mix of cheese to beans) and the chicken quesadilla. Oh, how I miss my chicken quesadillas since I went vegetarian. Delicious grilled chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, and then add some of their amazing mild salsa, and you'll seriously be in heaven.  My dad is a huge fan of their machaca burrito, and he's pretty picky when it comes to machaca. So I'd have to trust him and believe that it's pretty darn good.They also have a decent beer selection (Mexican beer of course), with margaritas available too. Free bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa with every meal, lunch or dinner for under $10 and at least two locations (Bell Rd. and Glendale Rd.).
Fries are cooked to perfection....very crispy.  Portions are out of this world.  Don't waste your time on a small or medium, you'll regret not having more. Hot Dogs & Burgers were very good.Secure Parking is available around the corner at S Bouquet St & Sennott St for a few bucks.
UH-MAY-ZING!!! We will never go anywhere else for the best filet and seafood. The lobster mash is a MUST!
Go here every time we are in Vegas, clean and well kept, staff is always ontop of things, only thing missing is they could use a few better restaurants, beds are great
Pittsburgh has many excellent restaurants, and Sunday brunch at Casbah is well worth adding to your culinary "bucket list". Everyone in our party of four chose the prix fixe brunch at $28, which included a brunch cocktail, an appetizer and a main course. Preparation and creativity was wonderful, which meant that standard brunch choices such as a smoked salmon appetizer or a tomato and basil bisque were standouts. The same can be said of entrees, such as the Casbah Benedict, the braised lamb and eggs, or the other egg dishes tried by our group. Service was professional and the experience was special.
I been going to AAA for about 3 years now...I have an older Yukon and everyone at AAA including Mike have alway been extremely helpful and professional. Honest, trustworthy and great mechanics are great a few words which help describe AAA on 40th St and Greenway.  I would highly recommend them to anyone!
Ashley, you were absolutely wonderful. Thank you for restoring my faith in stylists. I will be back and I'll schedule with you. Thanks, Roxi
My favorite new pho! In town. My family eats like crazy and I went to them to this place 30 minutes before it closed:/ I hate doing that but that's how my mom rolls. Anyways everything was so fresh. Pho 1 and Kim long have more reviews but this was better and a lot more fresh. Service was great! They packed all our food and were very kind. Oxtail soup and peanut sauce soup were my favorite! It's a plus it's close to my house and the pho is the best!!
Amazing breakfast place. I went there every morning during my weeklong trip to Montreal. Potions are huge. Most days I hardly needed any lunch. My absolute favourite was the avocado benedict. Fruit salad is very good, too.
This place is awesome! Dog friendly, great beer, and great service. This is a must visit if you're in Charlotte
Great food and very personable service. It's a chipotle-sequel take on Indian food. My wife and I both had excellent meals. There was a good amount of people for later on a Friday night and the staff was very friendly and attentive. Glad to have another good food option in Strongsville.
I really enjoyed this place. I'd give the decor 4.5 stars and the service and food 5 stars. Our waiter was super nice and he seemed to really love his job. My family got 1 lb of shrimp "hot feel" and mild. The sauce is good! The shrimp are big too. We also got 2 free pounds of combination seafood because of a newspaper special they have. The lamb skewers were bombbb! The location is kind of tucked into the plaza across Tea Station.
We had a great experience leasing a new Equinox at Henderson, Chevrolet. Joe Gallagher spoke to my husband after we made an internet inquiry. They came to terms on the phone, and Mr. Gallagher was true to his word. We went there, secured the lease, and drove away in our new car in just over an hour. That set a new record in efficiency, at a car dealership, for us. We appreciated Mr. Gallagher's attention to detail and making the transaction process a pleasant experience.
best New York pizza in Summerlin and p.o pasta dishes look yummy too!  very friendly staff! please come to LA!
We had an incredible time. The food and atmosphere was so good. Linda, our waitress, was the best. Thank you Linda!
Jack was the seller's agent I met while looking at a house, I called him on a Sunday evening to take a look at a house and he answered my call and was very responsive. After meeting him in person and seeing how knowledgable he was I had him assist me will buying and selling my house. I feel like I made a great choice to employ him since he was very passioniate about his work, responsive, and knowledgable. I probably called him 40 or 50 times over the time that we worked together and the longest I had to wait to get a response back was maybe 5 minutes, it was amazing.
I've been to the Fashion Show and Town Square locations, but I'll just review my most recent experience at this location, which I like just as much as the others. I set an appointment online with no problem. Arrived about 15-20 minutes early, but I was greeted right away and asked to check in with another representative. Cool beans. Noticed they were slightly behind, but I'm not in a rush, plus going in I had expectations of them being busy. It's Apple. Gah... I wish I could remember my tech's name 'cause she was just as nice and courteous - just remember it starting with a D. She let me fully explain my iPhone problem, then she walked me through diagnosing with their speakers. She literally could tell that the difference I had with it compared to hers. Before trying to replace my phone, she wanted to know if I had any questions for her and I brought up how I bought the device from my cell provider. Not wanting to cause any problems with them, she wrote me a notice to bring to them just in case they wanted proof that the device needed to be replaced. All courteous and thoughtful. Other than my experience, I can commend them on trying to accommodate/help a mom and her 2 kids. The little brother overheard the patron say she had the wrong appointment time, but she had been waiting for awhile and had other appointments elsewhere. Before they could get to me, they helped her out first. Her tech was nice, trying to be personable with her and the kids while diagnosing the problem. Took him about 10-15 minutes to help her out, hopeful that she'd make it to their other engagements on time, and thankful for her patience.
This town needs an enema!!Well, here it is ya jerk!!Artistic Armory combines everything you like about an underground music club with elements of an actual, organic independent art scene. It is the opposite of First Friday, a refreshing alternative to seeing bands in filthy bars, and the antithesis of hanging out at the mall.I used the bathroom... once...The bar tenders are great!! There's a tall dude with strong hands and a pretty girl who likes to talk about different ways to cook chicken (women love chicken).Check out their Facebook page for a listing of upcoming events.The website is maintained by some dude named Gus (I guess he is an employee and/or web designer), and contains about as much useful information as one of those hooker trading cards you get on the strip. The Artistic Armory a roof, which is great and really compliments the floor, which I once cleaned up baby carrots off of. My only complaint is that some drunk with tattoos and a beard kept banging into me and spilling my drink. I attempted to complain to management, but a tattooed guy with a beard said that my vague description was not going to help him narrow down the assailant. Overall, your experience will be based on what you make of your time at The Artistic Armory. Just don't talk to anyone in a black t-shit with a band name printed on it and you should be fine. Mention this Yelp! post for free admission to the next show!!
THE UP-SIDE: Mojo's is wonderful, a call back to the days when coffee shops served great coffee and food, and didn't make you feel like a number. This place feels like home. You can hang out and work at the many tables. Never that difficult to find a spot, although they are always busy - and for good reason. The coffee drinks are perfectly created and there is a great selection of breakfast and lunch choices, along with fresh bakery. The service is warm and pleasant from all of the staff. They always greet you with a smile and make you feel good about coming back. Kayla has been especially helpful for any little issues I had like getting a new extension cord with multiple outlets for folks in one small area. Much appreciated!THE DOWN-SIDE: No down side. THE SUM-IT-UP: I love it here. You will too.
Great service terrific quality. I was able to set up my appointments for the days that I wanted. Cheapest rates I found in town. 16 windows of various sizes plus a sliding glass door for well under $1000. I would recommend CC Sunscreens to anyone.
Ils ont toujours des prix imbattables sur les fruits et légumes, et souvent lorsque j'ai besoin de fromage cottage ou de yogourt grec je peux en retrouver à rabais dans leur frigo. Oui, la date d'expiration est pour la semaine suivante, mais au rythme ou je les inhale ils ne survivent jamais jusque là. En plus, ils ont commencé à vendre des fruits et légumes bios, tout pour faire mon bonheur!
The atmosphere is great here every time! The servers always have a smile and start great conversation. This time I ordered to go. I always get the crispy spicy eggplant. This is the first time for a vegan Sushi! Presentation is beautiful! Easily one of the best vegan restaurants in town!
I have been very on the edge about trying this place after reading it's health reviews, but I threw caution to the wind and I'm glad I did. It is Oakland Restaurant Week and they offered yellow chicken curry for $6. I must say that this was some of the best curry I have had. It has peas, carrots, sweet potatoes, and chicken. I do not like my curry spicy and it was perfect. Amazingly sweet and creamy with the right amount of spice. I will definitely be eating here again.
Completely addicted. I love the make your own bowl. I'm the kind of person that knows exactly what I want and that's what I get. Food is always fresh and plentiful. I've never felt underwhelmed by the toppings. Always delicious!Try to avoid the noon rush though. It gets a little backed up.
Nice decore in this large restaurant - the theme is beer. Appropriately, there is good beer selection on tap, as well as wine, and excellent food. Superb service. Recommended!
Better than chipotle. Yup, you heard me! The meats are amazing.. Fresh made tortillas.. Great drink selection.. Just YES
Yesterday was my first time at Sakana and I thought it was a great place. It's not on the strip, it's about 20 minutes off the strip. The service was well, the waitress would come around often. The food was delicious. A must have is the summer crunch. The best part is the all you can eat deal. You pay $25 and get as many rolls as you want.
I will never get waxed by someone else! I absolutely love Courtney! The studio is very clean and comfortable and she always makes the experience great! She treats you like a friend, not just a client. I live in Flagstaff so I try to make an appointment every 4 weeks but even when I can't and I don't see her for a while, she still remembers so much about me and my life! Also, she charges far less than most places (half the amount that Flagstaff places charge). PLUS she gives a little discount for college students which helps out a ton! I usually get a brazilian which she charges $50 for, but as a college student she only charges $40! That $10 really makes a difference for a broke college student. My wax always comes out flawless and I stay silky smooth for 2 weeks at least. She uses hard wax but if I have stubborn hairs, she doesn't hesitate to go in with soft wax and even tweezers to make sure I get the best result! I love Courtney and I will never go to anyone else again!
Love this place at all times of the day. They have great food with speedy service. At night turns into night club. Best in town. They always have great DJs from all over the world. Good job barley house
Great margaritas, gauc, queso, and tacos. We went to lots of fancy restaurants on our trip to Phoenix, but this place was better than all of them.
Mr. Hassan will make you look like a movie star!....He is the best portrait photographer that I have ever seen. He is definately a Master of his craft. His prices are super resonable, also....His guarantee is: "If you don't like the finished product, you don't have to pay"...It does'nt get any better than that!!!
My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later, still delivers the goods.  Cheers!
Absolutely FANTASTIC!!!! The service was a+++!!! The girl at the counter was so nice and so informative. We got the feta app with cucumbers (OUTSTANDING), I got the Greek salad (small) wth gyro meat, my husband got he rice bowl with double chicken and said it was incredible. We happened to be in the Henderson area, and pulled up yelp for a lunch spot, SO GLAD we did! So yummy, super clean, and excellent service. What more could you ask for?!  And we found out they just opened a location right near our house on Blue Diamond!! So naturally we went there the next day, LOL!
Fast delivery and delicious food. The food was hot and freshly made. By far the best Chinese food I've had in the area!
My family has been seeing Dr. Brown and the girls at Comfort Care since the mid 90's when we moved to Vegas. My father had extreme perio problems and Dr. Brown did all of his work.  There isn't a single piece of work in my mouth that hasn't been done there as a result. As an adult, everyone knows me and they are always friendly, really flexible and understanding with billing, and above all else, thorough. Every time my mom has an issue with a crown or abcess she simply calls and they have a prescription ready at her pharmacy so she can start treatment before they get her into the office. I make my boyfriend go there now, too!I recommend Dr. Brown and Marlaney (she replaced Kathleen for hygiene) if they take your dental plan or if you really need experienced and top notch care.
I was surprised with how they redid the OG rooms. Granite and marble countertops throughout, even in the shower, highly recommend the upgrade if you can. We had a view of the wheel. Right outside of the hotel is a strip that has awesome food and bars, a daiquiri place literally right outside. There is also a few liquor stores that surround the hotel if y'all want to save money and make your own drinks. I don't think we paid more than 30 for Uber there from the airport. And even though the lines look long at the counter desk to check in, they move fast. If you go to the pool, opened from 9-5 by the way, seats are very limited and the drinks start at 17 and 42 for a pitcher; it is cheaper to get the pitcher and splitting it with people.
Really enjoyed my stay here at La Quinta Inn. Checking in was fast and the customer service from the staff was great! Not only was she attentive but she also provided my guest and I with water. The pool was nice and clean and overall the room was well upkept. The breakfast that was provided was also delicious. I had no issues what so over here at my stay. Definitely will be returning!!! :)
Apparently this is the first review for this company. I can't fathom why others have not reveiwed this company. My 23 year old garage door finally gave up the ghost the other nite. I got quotes from some competitors ranging from 750.00 to 1,100.00 dollars. Both companies came immediately said I needed a new door. I expressed to them by budget was limited and a new door wasn't in that budget. A friend said contact AAA Action Doors. Contacted Josh (part owner)...Told him my budget was limited. He came out took one look at the door,..Said we got this it can be repaired w/o question..All that was needed was new metal bracing along the top and middle. He installed the metal bracing in less than 45 min....I had an operating door again..and saved a bunch of money.
Chef Joel Robuchon's restaurant is my siren song...love, love, love it!  A gorgeous little jewel box, stars removed from the casino.  The decor, bar, cuisine, wine list, staff and service, all so perfect, I could rhapsodize about the myriad joys I've experienced here forever.  The many, many times I've enjoyed the 16 course tasting menu, so truly scrumptious and amazing offerings, executed so perfectly and plated so exquisitely it's almost a crime to eat them!  Executive Chef Claude Le Tohic is a true gem and helms the venue like the marvel it truly is!  My favorite restaurant in the country!
Located in Wilmerding, PA, Bucky's Automotive is the former Palumbo's Automotive.  We've been coming here for years and never feel 'jabbed'.  Jose, the owner, has also worked here for years and he is fair, honest and accommodating in his scheduling.  If something comes up that is not his shop's specialty, Jose will recommend another local shop.  Did you ever walk away from the car dealer's service department feeling like a 3-month financial recovery is needed?  Ya, me too...  Never happens here.  Great communication regarding work that is needed, cost involved and time required.Through the high school years, our family had (5) cars requiring attention and service and we cannot imagine anywhere that could take the challenge and keep everyone on wheels.What can I say?  We {heart} Bucky's Automotive!  Tried and true It's a great east suburban car care option and well run business.
Take two on my review, as apparently the first disappeared.  We stopped in on a Wednesday afternoon. No one was there.  They had an all day happy hour, and great lunch specials.  Mexican bento is the greatest idea I have seen in awhile. The food was fresh and fast.  Open air concept does attract the flies, with all the sweet liquor bottles and fragrant foods.  We enjoyed a nice lunch, few drinks and moved on to the local shops nearby.  Great location. I can see why Salty Senorita is so popular. This could definitely be a place I would like to hang out if we lived in AZ again.  Waitress brought my husband a birthday dessert with a candle.
Tried La Mai Thai tonight and it was delicious! Was craving peanut sauce so we ordered the Chicken Satay app with peanut sauce, shrimp pad Thai and I got a side of Tom Kha Kai soup. Soooooo good! Everything was fresh and vibrant. Even with the shrimp surcharge our meal was less than $30. Score!
I met up with some friends here for some habachi and drinks. Let me start by saying that one usually doesn't associate Rock Hill will good Japanese food so I was initially skeptical but I'd figure I'd trust my friends and give it a try. Well I was happily surprised.  First of all the restaurant was very clean (which is VERY important for me) and we were greated warmly.  So we decided to have some drinks at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. I ordered a martini to start which was strong yet smooth followed by a shrimp tempura roll. The roll very pretty big and the shrimps tasted fresh. I especially like that it wasn't like most sushi rolls around here that are 90% rice and litte else. Once we were seated I ordered the steak and scallop hibachi.  This was my favorite by far! The steak was perfectly cooked and the scallops were especially tasty.  The best part was the portions were really good for the price and quality of the food. I had more than enough for lunch the next day!  It's definitely worth the drive and I'll totally keep going back.
I've always loved Parlour, as noted from my previous review. Luckily, my stylist, Sam now works here. He's my guy for my cut and colour. Whatever I'm after, he'll get it done. Whether it's trying a different shade of red to chopping off all my length or even just a quick blow dry. The salon is always hustling and bustling with coifs of sleek styles to more drastic changes. They can really do it all.Although the prices are up there, they do have junior stylists, regular stylists, senior stylists and educator stylist tiers to suit all price ranges and expertise. Definitely one of the best salons in the city. Hands down!
Holy smokes!  I can see driving to Gilbert, AZ from Ventura County just to re-experience this delightful dining experience.  Flavor, flavor, flavor!  On our way back from our New Orleans road trip we detoured and took a chance on Joe's and it was well worth it.    We are bringing the kids next time so watch out!  By the way the G.I Joe's showcased were a nice touch.
Had breakfast here, ate outside, beautiful and great food. The cafe au lait was really good, I had the eggs Benedict with salmon and my wife had pian perdue (French toast) both were EXCELLENT, very well prepared and great plate appeal
This place rocks. BBQ was great, spicy squid was tasty, Cham chai noodles awesome, very friendly service
Love, love, love, love this place!  The first time I went here was with a friend visiting from out of town.  Our server, Frank, was so fantastic we ended up staying for nearly there hours eating, drinking and goofing off.  The other staff are fun as well but, if you can, ask for Frank!  The atmosphere was busy but not frantic.  The decor was fun and playful, making you feel very comfortable.The guacamole was outstanding (we ate the entire thing) along with their tortilla soup and salsa verde.  The shrimp enchiladas were enjoyed on my second visit, those too were phenomenal.  Their food has a balance of spice and flavor without being overly salty.  Their tequila selection is killer.  If you enjoy good tequila this is your spot, they have just about everything you want and a few you may not have heard of yet.  You have to be sure to get a picture on the swing next to the bar.  It's a fun photo op and a great way to remember the place.  La Comida makes a great first date spot, especially if you want to see how your date holds their alcohol.  It's also fun with a group of people, their bench seating easily accommodates large parties.If you like Mexican food, a relaxed environment, and great tequila - I dare you to try this place.  You won't be sorry!
Artie with the business team is awesome. Very prompt with responses and helpful with my team getting us the right products.
Dave Bonanno and the VW North Scottsdale staff was fantastic to work with.  Everyone was fast and courteous.  All prices were fair with full disclosure given.  The experience was more Lexus/BMW/Mercedes than anything else.  I will be a repeat customer again!  They took the time and didn't rush to get a quick sale (and I was in on a Saturday).  Thank you VW North Scottsdale!  I love my GTI!!!
Fantastic experience. Dive instructors and crew helpful and on their game. Video and photos were top notch and I definitely recommend this dive company!!!
The staff during the night-shift are Amazing! They're fast and efficient. Free Smiles and Friendly. Watermelon Mojito and Kiwi Quencher are Refreshing! I Love the Mango Magic minus the pineapple. Bring back the Mango Moxxi!
This place looks so nice place to chill with friends! People working here were pretty nice too, the server explained me the stuff about the drinks. I ordered the Matcha Milk Tea and dang, that was so good. The boba is really fresh and very chewy, this is so different from any bobas that I had before!
I love HIllcrest Dental! I will admit I haven't always treated my teeth well, and this has caused me to have a dentist phobia and thus made my teeth worse. Before I went here a few months ago, I didn't have a cleaning for close to 5 years! The hygienist was very gentle and took very long cleaning my teeth. I was surprised I didn't need a deep cleaning after so many years! She did mention my gums were receding a little, ( which I can clearly see) She told me to take a certain amount of vitamin C a day. Doesn't sound like a place that up sells to me. In the last month I have gone weekly, instead of silver fillings I now have beautiful white fillings that were very nicely done. Next up for me is a dental implant and invisalign in a few weeks when I save up enough :) take it from someone who hates her teeth and now is learning there is a way to be happy about her smile; this is the place to go! I feel like this place is one step ahead, tells me exactly what my options are, and now I feel completely comfortable going to the dentist after 25 years! Lastly, if the quality of their work wasn't enough, the people that work here are so friendly. You walk in here and feel like you are going to visit your family. No more snooty front desk girls or dentist that are rushing you out!
Had the opportunity to use them for a few Christmas lunches.  I will be using them again.  Great pricing, great product, and who does not enjoy Taco Tuesday?
I had wanted to try this tailor for some time and recently walked in with expensive jeans I needed hemmed.  I had read somewhere that the original hem could (or should) be retained so as not to spoil the "look".  When I mentioned this to the proprietor, he told me they could absolutely do this, but assured me they could reproduce the original hem for substantially less money.  They were able to do the work immediately, and the results were great.  The length was perfect and the new hem indistinguishable from the original.  While I was waiting the five minutes for the job to be completed, another customer dropped in and had major alterations performed on a new suit - the results were impressive.  The location is spacious and there is comfortable seating.  The price for my alteration was less than any other place I've frequented.   On an earlier occasion, a friend and I took a well-worn leather jacket in for a repair estimate.  The tailor, who is obviously extremely talented, polite and personable, was honest about what could be accomplished and what the repairs would cost.  While we didn't use their services then (we threw the jacket out), I really appreciate a business that values honesty over a cash grab.  These guys are great.
Probably the friendliest and most knowledgeable staff in town, very fair prices and a local neighbourhood gem. They even have a self wash dog station people can use for a low fee. They have tons of products ranging from dogs to birds, and even offer delivery which is great if you can't haul that giant bag of dog food home.
I can not say enough about what a positive experience I had with these guys today! I called day of- from Los Angeles asking for a delivery to my friend and her new baby. Even though their schedule was packed, they accommodated and delivered 18 beautiful (and from what my friend says, DELICIOUS!) mini cupcakes with a bow and personal message on the box! They were beyond friendly and helpful. Don't send flowers, send cupcakes!!!
Favourite coffee place in the city. An americano from C Bomb makes my day. Paired with a flakey, savoury gruyere croissant... gah (that's the sound of me melting with extreme contentment). Good tunes. Friendly millennials. Roncy Yipsters. Kaboom!
Customer service is outstanding. Personalized service, they try and save you money. Bad experience elsewhere.  This will now be my go to for anything mailing, packaging related. I appreciate the service.
Everything is always good. The smell from the bakery is amazing. Be sure to go early as it gets very crowded and is small.
We have been going off and on for over 10 years with my inlaws who are members.  Pastor Dave is a very kind and approachable Pastor.  He married my husband and I in 2004 and baptised my daughter and two nephews.  Just recently we renewed our wedding vows with Pastor Dave in a very intimate, religious ceremony which was important to us.  The church is very traditional and we like attending with my inlaws for all the holidays.  I love the music ministry and my daughter has been attending a summer camp for three years.  I highly recommend this church.
Kilt lifter is my new favourite beer. And that is coming from a Canadian!
Great experience! Love Amanda R! She is always sweet, energetic and friendly. She goes way above and beyond! Mornings she's not there are always a little duller- Amanda R adds the sparkle to working out!
Great place when stuck in a bind without a credit card. They helped us out,got us a car and we was on the road. The car did just fine . We took it to see the hover dam and had a great time. Ty global!!
Jenny is a miracle worker!!!!! I had a very bad color done at another salon. I didn't know how much she would be able to fix it. She stayed late n made sure I left happy. Best color I have ever had done!! See Jenny for your color it will be the best decision you could ever make for your hair!!!
This location is not only excellent in service, but the cuisine is expertly prepared and presented. The owners are friendly, and give their customers nothing less than phenomenal service. As a growing business, I recommend it to anyone who wants a quick bite to eat on lunch, but wants genuine BBQ, from grill to melting in your mouth. I thank the owners for this exceptional service and cuisine!
Are you craving pierogis? All Pierogi Kitchen is the place to go to fulfill that craving! The pierogis were authentic, made fresh in house, and filling. Every bite was deliciousness. All of the pierogis tasted good and we even recommend trying out the dessert pierogis. On the outside, the building looked sketchy but we were glad we weren't deterred away. The restaurant inside was clean and had a homey vibe. The service was attentive and friendly and we recommend checking out the market attached to the restaurant.
If you visit Calgary, you must make a point to go to Charbar. The building itself is historic, formally an industrial building, and its juxtaposition to all of the newly constructed skyscrapers make it stand out. It's an overall beautiful, and beautifully decorated, restaurant. My husband and I sat down for an after-dinner drink at the bar and were pleasantly surprised by the wide wine, beer and cocktail selection. We also ended up ordering the yucca fries, which were to die for. Our bartender Andrew was clearly well-versed in all of the selection and made great conversation! We also had the opportunity to meet the restaurant manager, Tyson, who was more than willing to let us know more about the building's history, what they have to offer and very knowledgeable about food/drink. Everything from atmosphere to customer service to menu offerings are 5 stars!
Can not say enough wonderful things about this Family owned company! They have worked so well with me. They have amazing quality in everything they do. I am beyond happy with customer service, my product and how smooth everything has gone. There prices are so fitting for a well job done. I will be a returning customer again. 5 stars by far!
Great food. Great service.  Love this place.  I tell everyone it a must stop if you are a foodie!!!
after incurring intense lower back pain, I searched for a good chiropractor and discovered Dr Warkentin at the rateMDs website (under the Top 10 Chiropractors in the World) - what astounded me was that he had about 350 reviews (412 as of today), absolutely dwarfing the number of reviews for all other listed chiropractors - I also found out, to my surprise, that his clinic (actually a full-scale wellness center) was only about 15 minutes away - I made an appointment and was able to see him the same day - I had a full set of X-rays done - Dr Warkentin showed me the pertinent X-ray and provided an unrushed and thorough explanation of what was causing the pain in my back - he also pointed out areas that could lead to problems down the road - I was then put on a roller table, received electrical stimulation, had some adjustments done, and concluded the visit with cold laser therapy - subsequent visits added use of a spinal decompression machine - I also received instruction from his associate Dr Wolsey (who has a master's degree in Exercise Science) about how to strengthen my core muscles to provide support for my spine - after about 2 weeks worth of visits, about 90 to 95 percent of the pain was relieved // I've seen other chiropractors in the past - how Dr Warkentin conducts his practice blows them out of the water - it's evident his goal is excellence in terms of the quality of care he seeks to provide and the physical environment in which it's done (e.g. the patient restrooms resemble that of a luxury hotel; also, there is meticulous attention paid to upkeep, which explains why his large facility still looks new after 8 years) - in addition to being very personable and super sharp, Dr Warkentin is extraordinarily skilled at diagnosing conditions, going well beyond what the normal chiropractor is capable of doing (he's caught life-threatening problems that patients' physicians have missed, even though they're not in his official realm of expertise) - he attends surgeries weekly with some of the most skilled doctors in the Valley (neuro, spine, cardiovascular, etc.) to enhance his diagnostic capabilities - Dr Warkentin also has a desire to give back - e.g. he goes out of his way to provide affordable care to fire dept and military personnel - another example:  he took a week off earlier this year to provide his expertise on a medical missions trip to Africa // Dr Warkentin sets an example and standard of what quality medical care should be like - he doesn't market - he obtains all his business by word-of-mouth - and having experienced first hand how he treats his patients, I now understand why his marketing budget is non-existent - some of his patients fly to his clinic to be treated by him, rather than visit a nearby local chiropractor - you can add me to the list of his fans - almost forgot, one last item to mention: on the day of my initial visit, Dr Warkentin gave me a call later in the evening to see how I was doing  - it was completely unexpected - how many doctors bother to do that? - a most well deserved 5 stars!
very helpful and does excellent repair work at very affordable prices. Good selection of inventory as well. Probably the most reasonable fees for repair and replacement work in the Valley.
This place is uhhhh-mazing and delicious. Everytime I come, I am never disappointed in the food. It is pretty packed, but I still come because it is that delicious.
Ordered food to go, so I haven't had the full experience, but as far as I'm concerned, I love this place already. The Florentine and the Smoky Eggs were both delicious, although they didn't come exactly as described in the menu. Customer service was on point from the moment I walked through the door until I left. I sat on the patio while I waited for my food and soaked up some of the sunshine. It felt like I was back in Italy. Great vibes all around.
Probably our favorite restaurant in the area. Great food great prices and always a fun environment. We've never had anything we didn't like and you can't beat the beautiful patio views of LKN any time of the year. When our family comes to visit from NYC this is always their first choice for dinner, sometimes even twice in one week!
Took my car here over a year ago and again, recently, just prior to selling it. First time I just needed the interior cleaned so I requested the interior detailing and they did an amazing job- they were able to remove all traces that my dog was usually my co-pilot and the interior was spotless.  The second time I had both the interior and exterior cleaned and again- perfect job.  I will definitely use again and would highly recommend.
This is my last stop on the reign of terror of vegan hotspots in downtown Las Vegas.  It's a pizza shop in the plaza hotel with a vegan slice called the soho.  It's pretty majestic, including spinach, artichoke, and the Daiya cheese we all love.  The crust is chewy and delicious.  At other times (like daytime) they offer a vegan soft serve in chocolate and vanilla.  In my case, my 2am pizza trip also featured a drunk twenty year old hitting on me. Thumbs up!
The worse part about the Sofitel was having to leave.I miss the bed.  I miss the robe and the towels and the L'occitane products in the bath room. I miss the quite gym. And the amazing city views from my room on the 7th story. Every detail of my 5 night stay was fabulous.  From the housekeeping to the concierge service.  The location couldn't have been better! The Peel metro stop is just steps away from the hotel.  Also, if you like to walk/run Mont Royal is just up the street (at Peel and Pins).Our last night in the city we were too tired to go to dinner so we sat at Le Bar and enjoyed a flight of French Reds and a cheese plate with 3 different local cheeses.  Although it was slightly pricey, listening to Joe-Luis speak about the wine and food with his sexy French Canadian accent made it all well worth it :)
Stumbled into this place.  Looking around the area to get some good food and drinks.  And that's what I got.  Great place.
We got delivery from here the other night and it was not bad at all. We have the general tsos and broccoli and chicken dishes. Both were very hot upon arrival at my place. The gentleman was very nice. I recommend this place.
Great food . Kickass service . Cool environment Came for the shrimp and grits but it's only on Wednesday.
I'm not sure why this place doesn't have excellent reviews. Yes it's not located in the best area. I don't understand when reviewers complain about an area, Tropicana is what it is, as expected. There's no surprises here. But this Starbucks is awesome. The baristas are always in a spunky good mood. But most importantly my latte is always spot on. Other baristas at other locations either put too much syrup or not enough but these baristas are consistent with the perfection. Good job!!
A great local place. Good food. Good atmosphere. Healthy. Only draw back is they are busy all the time. Good things are worth waiting for!
This is the best Shawarma I have had in Calgary! (That is not something that I would say causally) ... and I was sober when i went there!This was a fabulous surprise, ... until I tried the Falafel sandwich , ... Wow! The best Falafel I have tasted on this side of the Mediterranean.Their secret is ... Fresh ingredients, and traffic.The service was great, I plan to go back again at an earlier time in the day to try the Foul.
They had a car available to me even though i didn't have a reservation. The transaction went quickly and I got a mid-size vehicle for the same price as I would have with a reservation. Mark waited on me and he was really nice. The car was clean and fresh! Definitely would use Alamo again!
Sunflower Market is hands down my favorite place to grocery shop EVER! They have an amazing selection of organic fruits, and vegetables. They have delicious soups everyday. They sell Boars Head cold cuts for cheaper than any other store I have shopped at. Their freshly prepared tuna stuffed tomatoes are banging. Their roasted red pepper hummus is the best I've ever had. Their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections. Their beer selection is THE BEST, and they have a decent wine selection with really good deals.Their prices are better than all other natural grocery stores, and even better than some big name stores. I love this place!
The waffles here are to die for.  Having been to Belgium, I can say that these are almost just as delicious.  It can be a bit pricey but for all the waffle and toppings that you can get with it, it's definiely worth it!Try the waffle with vanilla bean ice cream and fruits/chocolate sauce! The map on the wall is also cool to look at while you're waiting or enjoying your waffle.
I heard really good things about this place, but I wasn't sure what to expect. It was very different than I expected. Alexander Michael's is in a cute, old house in the 4th ward and has a COMPLETELY different feel than anywhere else in Charlotte. It is a dark, pub feel. I assume they would have mixed drinks, but it's definitely more of a beer place. They have a large selection of local beers, which I love. The night I went it was 100 degrees outside, so I wasn't much in the mood for food. I didn't see a lot of lighter options on the menu that I would eat (I'm picky), but I did try the "What It Is" pasta. So glad I did because it was delicious! If you're looking for a unique, small place in Charlotte, go visit!
Outstanding course.   Great views. Challenging course.  One of my favorites in all US courses.   Outstanding service at clubhouse.
forget what you know about fine italian dining. the dining at Giuseppe's is neither fine, expensive, or classy. it's a black and white tiled mecca of italian food, nestled comfortably in the same strip mall as a cellular reseller and a blockbuster. go anytime, and order anything. if you see a dude alone at a table getting drunk on red wine, that's the owner. the first time we went we cut him off for a parking spot outside. PARTY FOUL. it's BYOB, so make sure you stop at sprouts next door and get a bottle or five of whatever they have on sale.
It was my first time here and I had the most delicious vegan meatball sandwish and my boyfriend had a vegan hotdog (Tokyo) which also was super delicious. Such wonderful staff too! I will be back soon!
I travel for work a lot and this place was Hands down amazing. I never think to order corn bread and it rocked my world. My co worker said "this is a burger you come back for." I had the ribs and they were mouth watering. Very nice staff. Booth was comfortable.
Delicious food at a great price. Generous portions as well. This is a hole in the wall type place and it's as authentic as it gets!
A good indication of a great experience is wanting a repeat ASAP. My husband and I came here for dinner after a long drive from So Cal to our new home in Mountain Bridge. We were immediately impressed with the attentive staff and blown away with the portions of delicious food. (I had such a plentiful plate, we split my leftover pasta for lunch the next day!) A few days later, we went back for happy hour and were just as impressed. Dan at the bar was pleased to share recommendations on local brews - just what we were after, being fresh  Arizona residents! Food is delivered from the kitchen piping hot... wonderful. This place is run like a tight ship. We had a quick chat with the manager, Demi, who stopped by to see how dinner was going. She was really cool and obviously very involved in ensuring guests enjoy every aspect of their meal, which we did. We've lived here just over a week and have already found our new local! Awesome.
This place was awesome! Love the atmosphere and the biscuits and jelly. Can't wait to come back
Chad was wonderful he was friendly on time and my dogs look amazing. It's hard to find a good groomer and when you do you have to spread the word. I have two dogs and one is a pain but Chad won them over. My dogs look and smell great! Thanks again
Super personable show.  Be expecting to laugh the entire time.  He comes out afterwards to take pictures, and sign autographs.  I would and do plan on coming back.
A wonderful little shop with very much a community feel to it.  Kit runs a nice and unique spot which is rarely seen these days - her vision is clear and focused in the decor, product assortment and services provided by the boutique.  "Boutique" truly is the appropriate word to use here, as the focus here isn't all about just turning product - she takes her time to educate and curate a broad array of interesting and cutesy little products that are not easily found elsewhere.  Outside of succulents, there is a finely collected assortment of little planters, pots and decorative items for creating your own miniature diorama.  My wife and I went to Plant It to participate in their succulent planting workshop.  The experience was wonderful.  Kit was hospitable, educational and created a very welcoming and fun environment for the experience.  We both enjoyed it very much - Kit helped document the process via taking photos, and guided us both in the selection, care and the assembly process.  Highly recommended--we will be back.Note: Plant It does not only have succulents, but also these cool "sleeping flowers" which are living, last 10 years, are low maintenance and come in some fantastic neon colors.  A great place for gift ideas, favors and sprucing up your place.
Hit this place on a Sunday evening right after the Super Bowl, needed something quick to take to the hotel. As always, Chipotle did not let us down. Clean place, friendly staff and fresh chicken bowls. Perfect.
The maple bacon donut might be the best donut I have ever had. All of the donuts were super fresh and moist. There was a big selections. I will be back.
Culligan Total Water Treatment Systems is really a great company to work with and I love their service! We have one of their products at work (a counter-top, plumbed water cooler) that was having some issues. I called in and spoke to the nicest gentleman who was able to get me through to who I needed to talk to, and then Reed was able to get a tech out the very same day. That's almost unheard of! The tech who showed up was very friendly and knowledgeable and was able to get our older machine swapped out quickly. I was very impressed at how efficient he was. The service is great. The product is great. And the price is great! No complaints. Definitely recommend!
Scheduling was a breeze- I called on a Wednesday afternoon and was able to book services for Thursday without issue.  Every treatment was top quality (mani/pedi, massage, facial). Only wish I had more time in between services to use the steam room. Highly recommended, will visit again.
Absolutely delicious! There is one in Los Angeles and it's super popular. Always line up :) I'm glad there is one in Vegas now. Check it out people you won't be disappoint!
Unique atmosphere. Pleasant barista. The espresso blend was delicious. I really enjoyed it and I would come back.
Called in because we were having an issue with our touch panel, they said it was due to a factory recall and they came out wihtin a week to replace! Wow that is service, Juan was the install guy again and he was perfect! Very polite and quick which is what I needed for my busy schedule! Thank you for everything and having good service!!
My wife is gluten and dairy free so this place was perfect. She had plenty of options for her. There was also several option for me that included a lot of meat and vegetables. Food came out very quickly as well. Overall a great experience.
We love going to this place! Never have a bad meal. Busy on weekends but worth wait. Staff is friendly and food comes quickly. My favs are the pumpkin pancakes and Mediterranean omelet. Kid friendly too. Beats any of the other breakfast places around here!
Thanks so much for coaching my son and his mixed hair big curled coarse hair!! You are appreciated!!
My number one go to place for Chinese food! I don't go anywhere else! You're always greeted with a friendly smile and they make an effort to talk to you and converse with you. The food is delicious and reasonably priced and the establishment is always so clean and smells fresh. Highly recommend this place and I will always keep coming back!
The best chain burger you can get in the city.I first ate at this chain a few years ago on a road trip to Florida and as I was sitting in the car eating my cheeseburger wrapped in tinfoil (commenting that maybe we shouldn't have each ordered a fries because they're HUGE) I complained that we needed this in Toronto. Well now we do! Haha, and unfortunately for my waistline it's uncomfortably close to my house, and just as good as it was in the states. Not much was lost in the cross-border translation. From the bright red and white self-congratulatory decor, to the awesome food and the giant bins of peanuts that fill the room and sate your appetite as you wait for your food: everything has come North. The burgers are big (the standard burger is two patties) juicy and fresh. I like to keep the toppings simple (ketchup, mustard, mayo, lettuce, pickles), but there's pretty much anything you could want to put on them on the menu. The sesame seed bun does the job holding the messy burgers together and the processed cheese makes the burger creamy and adds just the right amount of flavour without taking away from the burger.The fries are on par with the burger and as good as some chip truck fries:  big, fresh and crispy. And, as mentioned above, unless your incredibly hungry a regular fries can serve 2 easily and a large more. They actually measure out a heaping portion of fries and dump them in the bag loose to match the portion they give you in the container.It's not cheap, you're looking at 25 dollars plus for two (share a fries and share a drink: there are free refills), but honestly it feels like you're easily getting your money's worth. No other burger chain comes close.
Amazing service! I usually take my BMW 328 to another mechanic and pay over $100 for an oil change, here it was only $65. I made an appointment 2 days before and were able to see me right on time. They have a very comfortable waiting area and game room where I was able to catch up on some work while I waited. Thanks for great service, I will be back!
This was by far our best coffee experience in Vegas. We just moved here a week ago and have been all of the top rated places. The employees were great atmosphere good and the coffee was awesome. My sister in law ordered a "golden milk" (?) I think that is what it was called. Super good too. We will be back this week to try the food
This is small quaint little place to get some tasty, but still very affordable pho. The gentleman (and I'm assuming maybe the owner) who greets,seats, and takes our orders is very friendly, patient, and quick to make recommendations if you have any particular requests (as I heard him do when a lady seated nearby told him she was on a diet). We usually stop in to get an order to-go and the service is always quick, with the food usually taking only about 5-10 minutes.My husband loves their iced coffee with condensed milk and I usually go for their Pho Ga, which is offered with their lunch special ($6.50 with a soda or tea included). If you're ever craving some delicious pho, but are in a budget this is the place to go.
As a coffee shop, this place easily deserves five stars for overall consistency of excellent service and good food.Always very prompt seating and the restaurant is very well staffed for efficient service.  The wait staff are always courteous and seem to like working there.  The quality food is above average for this class of restaurant.   Stopped in today for lunch and had really good grilled ham and cheese with fries.  Washed it down with iced tea.  Service was great.  The total bill came to $9.38 without tip.A very well run restaurant.
Cool little shop/common I meant to say comic shop for the nice mixture of statues and action figures and all is well. Prices were very reasonable I'll check back here next time I'm in the area
I'm really pleased with this salon. For the past few years, I've been trying to find a salon that will actually provide me with what I ask for and what looks best on me. I tend to also look for inexpensive salons, which never really satisfy me, even if the prices were much more affordable in the end.  I went to Parlour for the first time last summer. I booked it online (which is super convenient!) and booked myself with Martha, as reviews stated she works really well with curly hair. I showed her pictures of what I wanted and she did a great job! She gave me a long bob that worked well with my wavy/curly hair. I returned back in November to do more layers and to cut my bangs, and Martha did a great job once again. Wanting to go blonde for the longest time, I booked an appointment with Aimee this past December. I showed Aimee what I wanted, which was a blonde balayage, and she was really receptive to this and provided good feedback on what would work best with my hair. My hair didn't turn out as blonde as I wanted because it would have been too damaging, but it did look good and very healthy! We agreed to return in a few months to add more blonde highlights to it. I returned today and she did a fantastic job. It's the perfect shade of blonde mixed in with other shades, just what I wanted. Based on my experiences, I've paid $60+ for my haircut and $175+ for my hair colour. This is more than I've paid for in the past, but it's also very reasonable and well worth it. The staff are not only talented but are incredibly nice and easy to talk to. I know that I will for sure be a long time customer at this salon.
We found this place on yelp. We were a little confused when we walked into a clothing store looking for restaurant. The restaurant is in the back. It is a really nice atmosphere with really fabulous wait staff. We enjoyed all he appetizers and the recommendations for our lunch entrées were spot on. They help you make the best choice by asking good questions and even brought us a free appetizer to sample. It is a lovely place and I wish we had one in my hometown because when I return to Las Vegas I will be looking forward to going back to this one.
I purchased my first vehicle from Pinnacle Nissan. My Nissan Juke was very good to me so I decided I want to stay with Nissan. My first experience was great with the first vehicle. I've been looking around at the new Nissan Murano. I recently visited Avondale Nissan just to test drive and discuss costs. The people there were very rude and turned me off on buying a new car any time soon. The other day I received a personal text from Bryson asking if I was in the market to buy a new car, which I have been. I told him what I wanted over text and about my Juke and finances. He was able to write up a deal and call me with the info which made the process easy! Saved so much time that could have been wasted at the dealership if the numbers didn't come out right. And they got my interest rate at 3.24 when Avondale Nissan was trying to give me 7% which is higher than the rate of my first car when I had zero credit. My credit  is in the 700's so there is no way I should have been ripped off at 7% like Avondale Nissan tried. I was offered a trade in value of $9700 at the other dealership. At pinnacle they gave me $12000 which significantly more and paid off my previous loan; even giving me some extra towards the price of my new Murano. I was impressed by my experience. John in financing was fantastic and very good at explaining the process. Bryson was also very helpful in making the process as easy as possible. I'm picky and the Murano i wanted wasn't available in Arizona so they found it in Nevada and had it shipped. I was told about 4 days and put into a loaner Murano. My new Murano came in a day in a half and is exactly what I wanted. I appreciate the professionalism of the staff here.
They did a great job! I just got my car back and I am over the moon happy with the results. I had coffee, soda, and food stains throughout the interior. Shadyside Detail got stains out from years ago that other detail shops could not. The exterior looks so sleek! Plus, the other shop charged more! Shadyside Details prices are very reasonable especially since they have top of the line equipment like carpet extractors.It's expensive equipment and It's not unheard of to be charged a hundred dollars just for carpet extraction alone on top of interior detailing!  Finally, they are friendly and organized. I would recommend them to anyone.
Using the groupon for $27 for one person to get two races and $48 for two persons to get two races was easy.My first car was awesome and so is the curvy and perfectly banked course. My second car had some issues but still managed to get me to speed and the three of us had a blast. But do be prepared for a upper body workout while you are having a thrilling experience.This experience is such a good deal, and the staff are very organized, helpful and polite.
Delicious food, great atmosphere and wonderful service. Nice options for vegans/vegetarians, including an incredible coconut tapioca pudding for dessert! Special shout out to our server, Alicia, who was friendly and efficient.
If you are looking for decadence, Juliette's is your place.  Don't think about calories as you'll not be able to try any of their delectable treats.  Think about decadence and you are off and running.We had a mix of offerings and they were all fantastic.  From the made-t-order dipped homemade ice cream bar (caramel sea salt ice cream dipped in dark chocolate with orange rind chucks) or the lava cake that oozes goodness.  The lava cake has a side of ice cream with hot salted caramel sauce.  It was all soooo good!For an added bonus the cappuccino was huge, the milk light and frothy.  Soooo good.
Oh yum. I was driving around with my little guy asleep in the car, new to Downtown Phoenix and hungry. The friendly food truck person waved with a sign as I passed and I quickly made a loop around to see what they had to eat. Purchased a catfish burrito and the only thing that bothered me about it was that I wish I had 3 other people to share it with because it was huge. I got through half of it and was beyond finished. Delicious stuff and friendly people. Good street marketing.
I don't think there's ever a great time to take your car to get it fixed, but I will admit this was pleasantly seamless. I felt compelled to write a great review because looking at some of these posts I get the impression a few people may not have been to some of the other places in town. I'm a bit old fashioned when it comes to my vehicles and only use dealer parts. My service adviser Sean was helpful and explained the entire process thoroughly. Took a tad longer than I wanted to wait, but just as soon as I'm writing this my service adviser is bringing my keys.
Best Creme brûlée in charlotte! I have tried almost everything at this wonderful place and nothing has ever disappointed.
Wait wasn't bad considering the huge crowd of people outside the place. The food came out quickly and my husband and I loved both our plates. The French toast was bomb.com and he got the breakfast special. Servers were nice. My first time there, and an annual trip for hubby(spring training) Will be back next time I'm in the area!!
First I know lots of people do pools around Vegas but we search all around town for a pool builder we met with about 6 different builders. Keep in mind we went to California Pools first waited a year and realized that Danny was our guy from the moment we met him it was top costumer service first and that's what brought us back everyone else just wanted our Money. At California pool there are no pushy sales talk Danny just wanted to make sure that we are happy with our choose. My neighbors are putting in a pool and started 7 weeks before us and we are already done. So not only quality pool but it was fast. Only took 7 weeks from when they broke ground. Keith was our on site manager and he was awesome very communicative on what's going on what's coming up next. I would recommend CALIFORNIA POOLS do t go anywhere else they are professional at what they do. Don't fall for a company who does Landscapping and think they can do pools we almost did that and thank god we didn't. Thank you to all the California Pool people and Danny and Keith for all you help!
After multiple return visits, and money spread about (3) three different tire and custom wheel shops..... none could take care of the tire shaking problem. There fancy rode force balance and inexperienced discount staff drove me crazy. We have all been to similar shops. I was all about to give up when this week while having work done by Aloha Automotive, I mentioned my frustration and expense $200+ to remedy very bad rear tire shake at 60-65mph.  Aloha Body shop manager mention HubCap Annie fixed his daughters bent wheel and re-balanced for a very reasonable price. He said that's where I would go, they are a honest shop. Since a whole heartedly trust Jason the owner of Aloha for my auto repairs, I welcomed the referral from his staff. This morning, I was greeted by Terry at HC Annie's who listened to my concerns and offered to take a look at the problem. Terry personally removed both rear tires and quickly identified one tire was indeed off balanced. Terry fixed the issues and sent me down the road. The car rode smoothly down the road at all speeds without issue after 2 months of frustration.  HubCap Annie's fixed what 2 national box store tire shops and 1custom wheel & tire could not do...... Balance a tire properly. Mind you while completing my balance Terry was interrupted by a man looking for a used tire. Without skipping a beat, Terry continued my install while addressing the gentle men's question and showed real compassion for the mans plight. Unfortunately, we just don't see that anymore in business, you all know that's it's sadly becoming a rare occurrence. Whomever hired Terry, you have a great employee who understands the true meaning of helping people while helping your business. Terry has earned my trust, therefore so has HubCap Annie's. Thank you for making my day.
5 stars for Karissa! And also a big plus for the cute shop she's in! Cute set up and great vibes with a bunch of fun upbeat workers who (who can totally tell) love what they do!Before going to her I did a lot of research on hair stylists for the best quality and of course, price. Having such long thick hair I had to make sure I chose someone who I can trust and who does GREAT work for a reasonable price and I found Karissa!!!!! I showed her the picture of the hair I wanted and the goals to where i eventually want my hair to get. I knew she was going to get me to my goals based off the work I seen on her Instagram @karissacutshair. My hair is naturally dark so I know it's going to take sessions to get to my hair goal and for my first session she already got me super light and my hair still feels super healthy! We still have a few sessions to go to get to my goals but I am already in love with this first session so I can only imagine how the end results are gonna be!I will NEVER go to another hair stylist after this. And I will continue to refer people to her. Thanks Karissa!
Love love love Kelly's!   I just discovered this spot while I was doing The Taste of Scottsdale tour.  We stopped there for dessert.  The restaurant gives you the feel of an elegant Irish pub.  They have a pool table, dart board, putting green and HUGE patio!  In the past, I always thought of Kelly's as a bar or late night hang out (which is not really my thing) but I was very wrong!  Their menu looked amazing!  They have an "award winning" four cut burger--which I will try next time!  Dessert was delish!  We had the doughnut holes and Kelly's twinkie.  Both were excellent! I was most impressed with the service!  We were greeted right away.  While we were eating our dessert both a manager and the chef stopped by to check on us.  I was most impressed that the chef and manager cared so much about our experience!  A+ service!  I'm glad I found this new gem in Old Town Scottsdale!  I can't wait to go back to Kelly's!
I went to the opening last evening and it was AWESOME! The owners are great and the food is wonderful as always.  The restaurant is beautiful inside and I can't wait to go back soon and often! Please check it out and tell them that I sent you! I am so excited that The Melting Pot is finally in Huntersville!
This place is awesome!! The atmosphere is very cozy and if you are a veteran you whole meal is free! I've been in the military for almost 4 years and have never been to a place that has offered something like that to veterans. It was a pleasant surprise. The staff is very nice and the food is great!! Definitely worth the stop!!
This is the best! Just got a pedicure, usually my feet end up sore after a pedicure, but she was gentle on my feet. So nice and easy going. The price was very comparable to other places I've been. I absolutely recommend this place to anyone!
Wow!  Decided to check this place out tonight.  It was popping!!! Drinks looking great. Bartenders were hustling and killing it.  Servers were professional looking and great , speedy service.  The food ?!! Wow!!!! Even the managers were walking around making sure all was well and one stopped too say hi and he was very nice.  I will be back.  Great job!!
Tried this place on our way back from the CAK airport. Craving Mexican and yelp had pretty good reviews, so why not? Obviously love the chips and salsa after being seated! I ordered the carnitas tacos with salsa and onions and cilantro. The tacos are doubled wrapped and stuffed with meat! I turned one taco into two and couldn't even start on the second two. My mom ordered the same thing and was able to finish two. I took home three of the tacos and had lunch for 3 days! Also enjoyed the fried beans! My dad ordered one of the soups and really enjoyed it. My husband loved his dish with rice, cheese, and chicken - he's a little more basic with his Mexican food.
So excited to find this little gem!  Right by my work and I am so excited!  Friendly, fast service, clean establishment, and the food is great too.  I will be back!  Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place!
By far the BEST chicken quesadilla and chips I've ever tasted!  Started our trip in Vegas here and ending it here
I love these girls. I have two schnauzers, Sasha and Corleone but Corleone is a very nervous guy. This is the only place where he will actually leave unstressed. We have been here and there trying to find the right groomer for him and this is it. My two pups come in and out without any issues. Thank you girls! (I promise to take names down next time)
My favorite steak house ever. All guy waitors... i feel like a queen when i dine there. Top notch service.
Love!! The yogurt is so so yummy and the employees are friendly and fun. I'm an addict. My only, albeit small, complaint is that the employees are a tad too quick to dust-buster up any toppings that spill from the bowls...kinda makes you feel bad for using them. But not that bad. Oh, and more outside seating please! All in all, divine!
Walked in here expecting just a full bar and restaurant, but was met with amazing energy, good music and even better VEGAN food. Also couldn't stop freaking dancing while I was eating, the server Israel was kind and had super amazing suggestions on his favorite bites and drinks. We had the street tacos set, Amelie Lens, Dubfire, and  I forgot the last one. (Amelie Lens one was my personal favorite). The wasabi tofuna poke bowl was so amazing!!! Will definitely make it a habit to come back every time we are in Vegas!!!
Great great food! Very nice owners. I have never had anything I did not like. The only bad part is when you get there too late and they have run out of something you were craving! This place is a must!!!!
I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.  My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.  Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).  We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.  He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.  There is a bar area.  There is more seating than normal.  The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.  I like all these things.  At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.  I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.  I typically get the hot sauce which has a decent amount of kick.  The wings are never undercooked or overcooked and are quite tender and juicy.I love the ranch sauce.  It's thin without being watery.  Hard to explain, but it's perfect for going with the hot wings.They have TWO of the coke machines with the touchscreens.  I love those touchscreens, but people can be slow figuring them out.  With two of them there I hardly saw a line waiting for them.The only negative about Wingstop is the price.  A small soda, dozen wings, and a ranch cost me over $12.
This place is not on my favorite to eat spot because of my detest of seafood but our waiter Caleb definitely made it into one of my top 10! He was such a great server and a nice guy! I'll come back for the service (and brownie) alone! Thanks so much! Look at the super cute brownie picture I posted :)
Great staff, great food! It's a sandwich shop, not much to complain about. Clean, generous, and nice! Got the cheese steak and it was tastyyyyy. Highly suggest for a quick bite to eat.
Pretty good place. Great ambience and service. The jackfruit sandwich is really excellent, so make sure to try that.
We chose Dan over 4 other landscapers and found him to be honest, dependable and someone who stands by what he promises.  He delivered our beautiful backyard in 3 days and was on-site and working along with his team.  He not only incorporated our vision but added special touches that just enhanced our backyard.  We haven't seen this level of competence, work ethic and overall professionalism in many years and Dan brings all of that to his projects.  We couldn't be happier with his fair price and workmanship.Lucy & Chris B
Recently was there with a few friends. Have been in the service industry for nearly 20 year from bartender to security to GM and like. What I expect for service execution and attention are often rather high. The attention received from the staff was wonderful. Our bartender Cassandra was one fastest and attentive I've ever had the privilege to watch. A smile and a thank you with every single transaction as well her head on a constant swivel. Paying attention not only to guests but her teammates as well. As we had no food our drinks were never empty and water was offered at nearly every exchange. We'll be back again soon!
I really like this place. They are very friendly. Pricing is reasonable. And they seem to be ahead of the trends.  I definitely recommend them!
I was real worried about eating here due to reviews saying the food was bland. It was anything but. We had the blue corn pancake with duck WOW. For entrees we had the pork tenderloin sandwich and green chile burger. The pork was incredible, the burger had a lot of flavor but not green chile, this was probably the most tender burger I have ever had.We ate here for lunch because of my concern. It was definitely worth going for dinner, we will be back.
This is the 3rd time I've been  to this restaurant and all of the times the food was awesome and the staff was Reay friendly. I will definitely be going there again.
Got the brisket sandwich. Was not drowing in BBQ sauce which I appreciate. Great flavor, great texture, nice and soft. With onions and brioche. Nom nom. Although the food was great, the gents running the place try to really do what they can for you. They let me try a sample, very engaging and fun. I will be going back.
Chelsea's Kitchen is awesome. It's hard to find anything bad to say about it, so here are the good things: they have plenty of great beers on tap, as well as a ton of great wines. The food is amazing. I got the short-rib taco platter this time, and it is awesome. It's cool that the menu has a little airplane icon next to the dishes that are fast to make so you can make it to your flight quickly. And they have several tvs is the bar section so you can catch the end of the PGA Championship, if it happens to be that day for you (go Rory!). Overall great place. Friendly wait staff, food that arrives quickly, and great drinks. 5 stars!
I had a 2pm appointment, arrived 15 minutes early. At exactly 2pm, "Chad" came and escorted me to CPAP room. Although I have been on a CPAP machine for at least 10 years and I knew the drill, Chad was very professional and explained the machine, functions, equipment, etc. He also recommended a different mask and headgear than what I had previously requested and it was much more comfortable than the one I wanted. I was very satisfied with the treatment I received from Chad. He is an asset to Bennett. I will point out that I left another local CPAP supply company last week after getting the run around from them. My pulmonary Doctor ordered a new CPAP after I had another sleep study done. I had to contact Preferred CPAP Supplies and ask the status of my new machine. I was rudely told that I wasn't the only customer and the insurance paperwork took awhile. I reported that company to my doctor's office and was referred to Bennett Medical by them, and immediately cancelled my appointment and scheduled with Bennett. Bennett had my insurance approval and paperwork done in two days where the other local company wasted 3 weeks of my time and gave excuses. I had been with this other company for 4 years. I called Bennett on a Friday, had my appointment and machine, etc, the following week. Thank you Chad for your expertise.
My wife really enjoyed the tasty foods, had the pork shoulder & the achiote roasted chicken dinner plates complimented with a pressed Cubano everything was spot on, not to mention the dessert, we will revisit and we recommend to anyone looking for some soul in their food.
Simply put: These guys are amazing. Two of my friends had their Tacomas worked on by these guys and they recommended I check them out when I needed some work done on my truck. I had them do my timing belt and water pump on my 04 Nissan Frontier. They did exactly what they asked and when it ended up taking an extra day because a part needed to be ordered they set me up with a loaner car. They told me about a few other things that might need to be taken care of in the future but they didn't push me to get it done right then and there like most shops would. They are very trustworthy and honest with what they do. They won't BS you and they definitely aren't the kind of place that's just looking to make a quick buck off an unsuspecting customer. They will tell you what you need and what you don't need without a bunch of salesmen like antics. I highly recommend Yota Pros.
Best breakfast in the Phoenix area. I normally get the Irishman omelette, it is an omelette packed with corned beef. It comes with potatoes and a side of toast. The service is always fast and the food generally congress pretty quick. It is almost always packed on the weekends but if you're solo out with your significant other, ask to sit at the bar.
We've been coming here for a couple of years now and it is Awesome!!  Really cute place with Amazingly delicious food!!  You tell them what you want and they put it together right in front of you..  Barbacoa is Best in the city!!  Highly recommend you give em a try!!  You won't be disappointed!!
Went for my moms 60th birthday and had a blast. The wait was a little longer than I would have liked but well worth the wait. The hibachi chef put on a great show and made my mom feel extra special. The soup was tasty and the tempura shrimp appetizer was fantastic but expensive for only getting two pieces.  Our group ordered, lobster, filet mignon, shrimp and the kids steak hibachi. The filet mignon melted in your mouth, and the shrimp was delicious. The lobster was a little salty but still really good. Dishes were also served with fried rice and vegetables which were also really good. If it's your birthday the staff gives you ice cream as well as sings you a fun birthday song! Highly recommend coming with a group of friends or family. Tables seat 10.One downfall is they do not take reservations on the weekends.
Service was just as good as the food! Kim and Raju who was our servers was super friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. Definitely recommend the shared meals!
love love love. Everything about it.  Has been consistent since they opened.  I wish there were multiple locations around the valley.  The chicken is so tender and juicy.
There's nothing they can't do. Harry and Jack are great people and true experts. Their price was more than reasonable. I've gone to them on numerous occasions for shirts, winter coats, suits, pants. All came out was tailored as if the original piece was made for me.
I called HoneyComb for an appointment for full highlights, cut, and blow-out. I couldn't come in during work hours but I was able to get in with Tia Hunter within two weeks (which is pretty good for a 2 hour appointment after 5:30 pm)! The salon itself is neat, clean, simple and whimsically decorated. Tia took time to listen to me describe what I wanted to do with my hair and she offered advice and recommendations. She took the time to explain what she was doing and gave me some tips for maintaining the style. Tia updated the color and cut with some very subtle changes but it definitely freshened up my style! I am still super happy with her work two weeks out. Thanks Tia!
Like all the other reviews say, this place is AMAZINGAwesome staff, great selection of wines, lots of unique beer options (lotta local places too), obvi liquors, some good mixer choices AND free wine tastings on Saturday afternoons I just love itYou should go
Better meat than most buffets I've had in the valley. Pretty new place, but the owners were previously owners of a different restaurant that was sold so seem to have the mixture and admin down right. Very nice people and good service. My favorite on the buffet was the goat---which is usually difficult to find. They did a good job and didn't skimp on the meat.
My husband and I are not quite the handy people we wished we are. Now that's where Daniel is a heaven sent!We just moved in to a new house and have tons of paintings to put up along with some curtain rods and bidets for our bathroom. Daniel quoted us a price that was over our budget but he was willing to negotiate. And that was the best money spent! No headaches, no worries. Daniel took care of everything. Daniel and his coworker were meticulous and got the job done perfectly!I foresee us calling Daniel again sometime soon for any little jobs around the house!
Breakfast was amazing and the service is swift and friendly! We sat at the bar and were extremely impressed with the morning spirits as well as the food. Our bartender/server was Daniel and he was excellent as well. When I travel back to Phoenix I will make a special trip back!
I was a box dye type of girl for years, so much that my dark brown hair was turning my hair black. I was told by many salons I would have to pay so much money to lighten my hair. I had found Heidi on yelp and really liked her work. I schedule an appt, she was affortable and really talented. Although getting your hair from dark to red was a process. She really cares about taking great care of your hair. It has been over 2 years I've been coming to Heidi and she always makes my hair look and feel fabulous.  I love coming to the Hive, to see Heidi and Alli you are always greeted with a warm welcome back, and great coversation. Thanks ladies.
MINDY MINDY MINDY MINDY!!!!!!!! She is literally the best waitress I've ever had in my life! She deserves a raise and praise and anything else in the world. I never had an experience like this ever at any restaurants. My husband and I have been to 5 star restaurants and the service doesn't come close to here. Thank you so much you rock!!!!
This is the best restaurant under $30 per plate in Champaign-Urbana, and it's the best food in that price range that I've had in extensive traveling in downstate Illinois. It's nationally recognized for quality, and it shows in every aspect of their food. The barbecue is flavorful but never dry. The sauces are varied and incredibly tasty. Their sides are delicious. Their sweet tea is to die for. They have a great selection of craft beers. The only problem is the wait - they're such a popular destination that you'll frequently have to wait 15-20 minutes (or more) for a table at peak mealtimes, But with their new Champaign location starting to kick off, that might start to get better. If you're just passing through and only have time for one meal in Champaign-Urbana, do yourself a favor and make it Black Dog.
Wow, customer service unparallelled!  They sell all of the parts I need for the kit that I bought.  I'm going to step up to an audrino quad copter, and they have assured me that even if I don't buy the frame and motors there, I can get the components, and they'll give me all of the help I need.
This is a new place right by my house. Thought we would give it a try. It was probably the best sushi I have had in a long time. The service was great everyone is very friendly and on top of it! I highly recommend this place!!!
Great spot for a casual and tasty Korean and Hawaiian meal. Came with the family and the portion sizes were huge and the combo plate was particularly good. Friendly service without the seedy Las Vegas vibe of some of the other smaller places.
Excellent customer service and very prompt picking me up! I also appreciated how they used an electronic device for the rental agreement vs printing out a bunch of paperwork.  It made it super convenient.  I'd definitely return as a customer at that location next time I need a rental car near the area.
I'm partial. I use to work here years ago but nonetheless, this place always delivers high quality products with awesome customer service. It all started with the man himself, MR Bruce Halle!
Short version: If you want a massage, whether on your own or a couples massage, forget the sky-high prices on the strip and head over to Massage Pro. It's not a sleazy, cheapo place. It's cozy and professional.Long version: My husband and I decided to make an impromptu trip to Las Vegas. We booked our hotel two days in advance and winged it while we were there. We knew, though, that we wanted to get a couples massage.Of course, we headed to Yelp, and read lots of good reviews for the hotel spas, but oh my gosh--$400 for a 50 minute massage? Ouch. No thanks. So, I Googled "couples massage" and came up with three non-day spa/hotel places in Vegas. I called all three, checked reviews on all three, and then checked appointment availability and came up with Massage Pro. Booked an appointment sight unseen, and crossed my fingers.The place is right off the strip--just head west on Sahara for a couple miles. It'd be too much to walk, I think, but it's close enough that taking a taxi shouldn't be too expensive. We had our car with us and it was a very quick drive.When my husband and I walked into the office, we were a little worried--the reception is super small and feels a little like a dentist's office. We filled out our paperwork, and were taken back to a much more spacious waiting room with dimmed lights, relaxing music, and a little fountain. From there, we were met by our massage therapists. We did have to wait a little longer than we expected, but it was only seven minutes beyond our appointment time, and they more than made up for it during the session. I think they spent an extra ten or fifteen minutes on us to make it up to us. :)We ordered the 90-minute combination massage, which was a blend of Swedish and deep-tissue techniques. We paid just $90 each! Even with a $20 tip on top of each massage, we were still under the next least expensive massage we could find--and the experience was phenomenal!We had a male therapist and a female therapist (we had confirmed this was all right when we called and made our appointments) who guided us to a designated Couples Room specially set aside for couples massages. The room was decorated, dimmed, and had soothing music playing. The beds were heated and we were asked if they were to our liking temperature-wise. They were perfect.Did I mention the therapists are nationally and locally licensed? Yeah. Cool.So began ninety minutes of rubby, relaxing bliss. The therapists were receptive to our suggestions--a little softer on that spot, please; a little harder right there. The therapists were nothing but the utmost of professionals, watching our muscles for the relaxation of knots and responses to too much pressure. They adjusted their techniques to our preferences and my husband and I had a wonderfully relaxing afternoon. We had very enjoyable massages.We didn't pack robes with us, and, not being a day spa, they don't provide them, so they were kind enough to let us use their shower usually reserved for customers getting body scrubs so we could rinse off some of the massage lotion. We got big, fluffy towels to dry off with and they even gave us an extra one, just in case.In short:UNBEATABLE pricesProfessional, personable, skilled, licensed, receptive therapistsCouples massage room!Not a day spa--ambiance is definitely service-oriented, but still decorated and cozyAwesome massageNot sketchy (they have zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior)What are you waiting for?! Book your vacation massage for less than the price of most show tickets!
TRY THE BBQ MAHI MAHI TACOS!! This place was on point. Busy as hell and the service was amazing. The food came out fast, hot, and delicious. Chicken Tacos, Diablo Salad, you cannot make a wrong choice....and their Sangaritas are to die for.
A friend had been trying to get me to try acupuncture for years (every time I mentioned that my back hurt), but I would say, "Needles? No thanks!" I was recently in Las Vegas the week of Independence Day for a poker tournament and my back was hurting so much that I was having difficulty sitting at the tables for long periods of time. I got massages for three days in a row but got only a small amount of temporary relief. I thought about going to a chiropractor, but remembered how many times my friend had tried to get me to see her acupuncturist and decided I should give it at least one try. Boy, am I glad I did! The needles are very, very fine and I only felt a small prick with a few (not even close to either a vaccination or finger stick)-- this was NOT a painful procedure. He inserted 16 of them from my neck to my ankles and then asked me to guess how many were there. I guessed 6-8. I seriously didn't even feel the others and none of them hurt. They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn't see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them. If you've ever had TINS treatments, the amount of current was far less (no muscle twitches) and felt as if someone was gently tapping my back in each spot. Then, they turned off the lights and played New Age type music while I relaxed. I don't know how long that lasted (maybe 15-20 minutes?) because I didn't have my watch on, but it was like taking a nap. After this time, they disconnected the electrodes and removed the needles. I felt very calm and a little groggy at this point. I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel. I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great! In fact, I was even able to walk from Caesar's to Bally's later to catch the free shuttle without any pain. Sure, that's not a great distance, but there is no way I could have done that prior to my acupuncture treatment. I got a second treatment the next day (my last full day in town) and when I left Las Vegas, I was pain free. Just today (about 10 days later) my lower back pain has been bothering me again (though not as severe), so tomorrow morning I will look up the local doctor whom my friend recommended. I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok! If you are in Las Vegas and have back pain, you really need to go to Dr. Lok.
I had my hair done yesterday at another salon, by a different stylist. The results were, to say the least, not favorable. What I had asked for was not what I received. I was in a panic as I have an outing planned for Saturday and could not wait the week that the stylist wanted me to wait. My coworker referred me here. I called made appointment, was scheduled today after work and I found Christina A. She literally is a color genius! She turned my orange, uneven hair into exactly what I wanted and what I've been told by many other stylist since moving to Vegas, would take multiple sessions to achieve. They were WRONG! My hair feels healthy and shiny and is the color I have been wanting. I am so happy that I found her and will NOT be going to anyone else. Her prices are super reasonable too! And she makes you feel comfortable and walks you through the whole process. Thank you for fixing my hair Christina!
These guys just left my house.  They.  Are.  Awesome.By way of full disclosure, I'm a male single parent of two (and a dog) that wishes he could afford a cleaning lady.  As such, the carpets in my house were pretty, um... nasty.  Like 'my girlfriend doesn't want her feet to touch the floor' nasty.  Anyway, these guys came in right on time for the appointment and made the place look brand spanking new.  I would give them five stars even if they were some mega-corporation-chain... but they're not.  They're a small family owned and operated business... which feels even better.Thanks, yelpers, for turning me on to these guys.  I wouldn't dream of using another company.
This is my favorite steak house!  Beef Ragou Striploin was excellent.  Martini was great as well.  Will be  back!
Excellent food, wonderful atmosphere, and exceptional service!  The waiter was sooo friendly, and the owner really did a fantastic job of going around and making sure everybody was happy.  Admittedly, we had a reservation and had to wait a bit before it was actually ready, but the owner made sure to personally apologize and explain the delay to us.  Later, he came over and talked to us about travel... Long story short, you don't find this kind of service often!As for the food itself, I think they serve the BEST baklava I've ever had ("better than any of the baklava in Greece or Turkey or anywhere else in the Mediterranean that we tried", according to one of the other members of my group), and the rest of the food is AMAZING as well. UPDATE: I've now come here several times (basically every time I come to Pittsburgh) and I've gotten used to just ordering a whole bunch of appetizers for my meal so that I can try a little bit of everything since everything is delicious.  Highly recommend!  This is definitely my favorite Mediterranean restaurant!
We've been going to Pete's since I was a little girl... a long long time. I remember my mom saying "we're going to Pete's" and we would cheer, yaaay yummy, cheap, fast, the best in town, I just drove down there after work, 15 miles to pick up dinner, every one cheered yaaay when I walked in the door.
The ice cream is amazing, but the ice cream sandwich really knocked my socks off. Soft, huge, delicious (tastes like rawww cookie dough) cookie and whatever flavor you pick for the ice cream between!!
Took my family to Ohio for a Cavaliers game and we stayed at a hotel near by so we decided to stop at max and ermas for dinner and we loved the food and the service. Definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the area.
This is a great grocery store. The staff is extremely helpful and pleasant. I never have to wait in long lines. Whenever I need help there is always two or more workers to assist me. I just can't say enough good things about this place.
This place is the best, the staff is very courteous and attentive. I take all my vehicles here even though it is out of the way from my house. My cars always look so good afterwards and the guys tell me if I notice anything that they missed to please bring it back and they will correct it.
My new goto salon! I've had three different nail techs there and each time I'm never disappointed. They are truly good at what they do. I get sns nails if that matters to anyone
Why oh why is there only ever one employee working?  I don't mind a wait but this poor girl is running around crazy doing it all and there is a line of six waiting to take order.  Despite this she has a great customer service attitude so good job!  Must be stressful.
My girlfriend and I came here to get a quiet coffee and snack, somewhere away from the business of the strip, and could not have been happier! The food is delicious and prepared fresh in front of you in an open kitchen area, the owner is incredibly sweet and friendly and takes a lot of pride in what he serves up and the huge selection of pastries looked phenomenal (I was too full from my food to have one unfortunately, but next time for sure!).I would absolutely recommend this to anyone stopping by for a quick coffee or brunch/lunch and will be sure to come back anytime I'm in Vegas!5/5!!!
Love the crab legs and shrimp! Very good Asian buffet,  we ate here to get away from the hype (and high price) of the Las Vegas strip .
Food was delicious! Steaks, prime rib, salmon and ahi was cooked to perfection! Sevice was fantastic and friendly! Nom Nom Nom
I went here over the weekend and it was AMAZING. We were told it would be about 15-20 minute wait and it said that was fine and sat down to wait. About 10 minutes later, we were seated. Wait staff was great and food was wonderful. It's not cheap, but you do get what you pay for in my opinion. Great food, great environment!! This will be a regular place to visit!
Great place, volunteers are very helpful and know a ton. Some of the people who work on the bikes there also know as much. Even if you know what you are doing you will learn something. Having all the tools available and piles of used parts is awesome.Highly recommended, really fun to work there.
Great service!Our dog had jumped up our window when he saw a cat outside causing us to be unable to fully close the window.  We were able to get an appointment quickly and Brandon fixed it right up for us!  Would definitely recommend!
We always come here to eat on lazy Sundays. Servers are always attentive and polite. Pho is always yummy as usual. Went here today for lunch and tried their hot pot, 'Lau' or whatever it's called (sorry). It was pretty good and filling for two. Mmmm
Stopped by this Dave's around 3 on a Saturday for a late lunch.  Food was awesome.  Service was great!   My husband had never been to a Dave's and said he would definitely be back.  We sat at the bar and played Keno.  My husband won $400.   Pulled Pork, Brisket, Beans are just some of our faves.  Give em a try!
Enjoyed a fantastic selection of both theirs and other local brews. Also, had an amazing PB&J Burger!!!!
Love love love! I cannot tell you how much I love this winery. It's right in the heart of Pittsburgh! WAIT, better yet... right in the Strip District! Our very own urban winery!You must go visit their digs, I promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white! This space is really beyond words. As soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city. It's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe. They have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, Tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends! My fave of the moment is the Malbec. I've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend. I honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form. I also think this is such a white wine type of area, I'm glad to see a place putting effort into promoting the reds.But here's the other cool thing. They have a downstairs area that matches the same cool vibe of the upstairs. It's thee perfect place for an unique event. It apparently fits around 100 and would be the perfect pick for a small reception or a hip party. I wouldn't care what kind of event it was, I'd want to crash it here! They also offer custom labeling, so if you ever need a unique gift this is the way to go! This is seriously the way to go for a nice night out. Just go for the winerific experience and leave with a happy buzz!
Sara has been my family portrait photographer for the past 4 years and I cannot rave enough about her skill and the amazing finished product that I receive each time.  After their first session with my 2 month old I was so impressed that I vowed if I ever got married that they were going to be the ones to photograph the special day.  Fast forward to today, my daughter is almost 5 and the wedding is only 7 months away.  They were the easiest decision I made, no need to shop around.  I know for a fact that they are going to capture the day perfectly.  You can't go wrong with Love My Life, they are an easy decision.
When I saw Ike's had opened up in Mesa, I couldn't believe it. Did my beloved sandwich shop from San Francisco that's always a must-visit actually makes it way to Mesa? Once I verified that this was the real-deal Ike's, I started texting friends and family who share my love of Ike's with the good news.I must confess that I haven't been to this location yet, but it's only because it's so close to my husband's work so he picks up our order. My guy says this is the best gluten free bread he's ever had. He almost sent back his sandwich the first time he ordered it because he thought they put it on regular bread. He's also a fan of the vegan cheese and dirty sauce since dairy doesn't agree with him either.Being a vegetarian, Ike's is like heaven to me. Whenever there is more than two veggie options on a menu, I start to seize up with indecision (in the best way possible). Their fake breaded chicken is so good. It reminds me of the patty used in McDonald's spicy chicken sandwich (again, in the best way possible). The vegan bacon isn't as gross as it sounds although the fake fat stripes are silly looking. I added it to the Reading Rainbow, and it was delicious.
If you want REAL, AUTHENTIC asian food, this is the place you want to go. On the wall, you'll find their entire menu in chinese - I love the character it brings to their space! They offer an english paper menu as well - and more "americanized" asian dishes. We went for an early dinner and did not have to wait for a table. We ordered our entrees and they were brought to us very quickly. Great portion sizes and *amazing* taste. Additionally, the staff were very nice and attentive, and we were in and out in no time at all! This is one place that I would bring my asian grandparents to in a heartbeat. They offer tripe, duck, and a wide variety of other dishes that make many feel right at home!
They have such good pizza. OMG their cheesecake is to die for literally. I think I am addicted to the cheesecake.
I had a fantastic day here. My husband surprised me on my birthday by taking me here. The horses are absolutely beautiful and the trail ride was really relaxing. The people here are very kind! This is a really great place to go on trail rides I really loved it!
Great selection and yes they have it in stock ready to go in my case. I went to 3 other established places had selections but nothing on hand.  Either it was 2 weeks away or we only have a few boxes somewhere. I needed over 1000 sqft. upgraded laminate job and got it done with American quality stuff none of the overseas issues on Formaldehyde off gassing.  Thanks Ramin.
Chris is awesome! So easy to work with, allowed us to change plans and add another club on another night. Didn't charge us a thing. And, the best of it all, on our last night in Vegas we chose to go to a different club (Blush), and the whole experience there was just awful. But Chris came through when I called him at 1230am to see if he could hook us up somewhere. Not only did he get us into Playboy and Moon at the Palms as VIPs last minute, we also got free drinks, and a complimentary limo ride there. What a fantastic way to end our Vegas trip! I would definitely work with Chris again and recommend him to everyone!
First visit here! Won't be the last!! Bier was Amazing, food was Amazing and service (Beth) was Amazing ++! Great fun environment and felt very authentic.
Anna is AMAZING at what she does! After a very frustrating battle over many months with David's Bridal (the devil) and other bridal shops in town, I ended up at Bridalxoxo. Anna was very sweet and comforting. She found a dress that suit me perfectly AND added an illusion neckline. I could not have been more pleased!!!
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
THE dim sum place of the West side.  Also where most (especially traditional) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets, due to size and well liked food.
I needed ink for my printer and just took a chance and stopped at the local store on S. Eastern in Henderson, near the Target anchor store. Young lady helped me. She was great. Then I asked some questions about the purchase of a desk top computer and she gave me full attention and customer service. I will be back again.
This was our second experience at Mastro's and it was better than the first. I am a fan and would highly recommend. Samantha was our server and she hit all the high points. Her attention to detail and insightful explanations make this restaurant a GoTo place in Las Vegas. Thank you
I went for my appointment and was acknowledged right away.  My stylist is the owner (I'm sorry - I forget your name - Naia?) and she was nice, fun, very personable and just the right amount of chatty.   She gave me a lovely new style which everyone likes and I love.  I would definitely recommend this very clean, very professional, and very upbeat salon.
We have been going to this particular Home Depot since 1989. The customer service in every single department is top notch. Specifically, we had an issue yesterday where we needed help immediately with our vehicle. We had run over what we thought was paint on the freeway. Several employees grabbed different products off the shelves, along with some rags and headed for the parking lot. They worked on trying different solvents to find one that worked. While working on it, they realized it wasn't paint, but instead, roofing epoxy. So, once they discovered what worked to remove it, they donated all of the supplies to us so we could go home and finish the job! We are so grateful to Albert and his team for all of their help yesterday. We knew we loved out local Home Depot!
I like being given a choice of rice/noodles/vegetables or a combination of 2. The turnover of dishes is fast at the time, so the food is hot and fresh. The vegetables are crispy, not limp and overcooked. The food is tasty too.
my favorite is Okinawa MT or Rose MT, Lychee Peachy has been homies favorite.And I've gotten 3 completed stamp cards from here... So enough said, just go try it lol
Great food and good pricing. Food is made fresh everyday! Everyone is nice and really comfortable environment.
My fave vape shop. Always accommodates me they run out products and they list my number down shoots me a txt once they have stock and i go straight there this vape shoo is roughly 25-30 minuted away from my house and i still go and take the drive to get to this place . I buy all my vape needs. And my favorite juice i can only buy here
This is by far the best coffee I have ever had. The owner goes to great lengths to get the highest quality beans he can find and it shows in each cup they brew. They roast the beans on site and take great care with each batch. The cafe itself is cute but the patio is very special. I think the complex used to house art galleries and the patio reflects that. Cosy, eccentric vibe. Check it out.
I have nothing but great things to say about Brew Tea Bar. Hands down one of the BEST Boba places in Vegas. I've been here so many times that they know me by name. I've tried their milk teas, slushes, hot tea, & crepes. You can't go wrong with getting anything from here. I will say that the salted foam that they put in some of their drinks is an acquired taste that I have not yet acquired. But, that's just me though. They have a stamp card too so you can get a free drink after you buy 10. I easily went through 2 or 3 of those cards. :)
This business is amazing. I was almost finished painting my bedroom when I spilled the remaining pint on my carpet. We called and Sandy answered- immediately told us what to do with the situation and said found us a technician to come out within an hour and a half. She was so sweet and helpful especially when we were freaking out a little bit. The technician gave me tips on keeping the carpet cleaned and got all of the paint out. He was prompt, professional and I wish I had cash so that I could have tipped him! Highly recommend this business, and will be using them from here on out for their services.
From the service to the food this place is always on point. My favorite is the gyro plate with rice and a salad with their special made creamy dressing. Ooo and do not forget the homemade hot sauce! I absolutely love this place. We frequent this place at least three times a month since moving to Vegas in April. I would eat here daily if I could, yep it is that good.
Great breakfast! Sunrise special: two eggs, a pile of bacon, hash browns and toast just $5.99. Tasted better than Bob Evans breakfast. I  will be back!
Stopped in for late lunch, and my son & I agree, this was freshest tasting pizza we've had in a long while!  The girls working here are extremely nice, waited on us, refilled drinks, and cleaned up our table when we were done, and kept smiles on their faces the whole time.  Place is kept very clean too.  I'd definitely recommend!
Brought my car in to the dealership (Toyota Autonation) to get my brake pads changed and rotors resurfaced and they charged me a little over $400 on top of trying to hit me with more things I should have done to my car under their care, I also had it appointment with them and it still took them 5+ hours.I decided to not get ripped for my wife's car (same brake change) so I took it to H-Tech Auto and was charged under a fraction of the what the dealership charged me for the same service AND it took only and hour to do not what seemed like half the day at Toyota Autonation.This is the best place to take your car for servicing, but where ever you decide to take your car, just don't bring it to any dealerships ESPECIALLY Toyota Autonation, unless of course you like getting ripped off.
Love this place. One of best food bar for sports and conversation. The staff is awesome. Good people and good vibes. I highly recommend this wing stop. A++++
Joe, Mindy and Terry were so helpful and friendly. Great affordable but elegant wedding venue for ceremony and reception. I didn't know a place like this in Phoenix even existed with all the trees and rustic house.
A while back I reviewed this restaurant, and just went there for lunch today with my friend Keith. As always, the food is so fresh and delicious. I had the Asian Pear and Goat Cheese salad, and Keith had the Poke Salad and a sushi roll (not sure what it was). All were beautifully displayed, and tasted amazing. As always, the service is impeccable and prompt. Very romantic for dinner, and a bit lighter for lunch. If you are looking for a modern style Japanese restaurant with super fresh and beautiful food, try this place, you won't be disappointed!
The staff here are so friendly and happy it's impossible to leave in a bad mood. Huge portions of a variety of vegetables for a cheap price. Everything on the menu is delicious! By far the best vegetarian joint in the city.
I went to their pizza "rodizio" yesterday, which is happening every Thursday of this month. For those who still don't know what a rodizio is, I'm saving you a Google search: you pay an amount and waiters keep bringing you food until you say you're full or you explode, whatever happens first.I was expecting to eat just pizza, but they had a small pasta and salad buffet that was included in the price of $20/person. The lasagna was awesome - of course I didn't try everything because I was there for the pizza, after all.The pizza slices are smaller than normal so you can try many different kinds. The "Portuguese" (ham, cheese, egg, peas and onions) and the four cheese (mozzarella, parmesan, gorgonzola and catupiry) were the best ones, in my opinion.Please, go ahead and make your reservation. You won't be sorry.
Today was my first time at firehouse! Never have been before and decided to check it out. Cool atmosphere, clean and I love the firehouse theme! The staff was very friendly and food was out super quick! I ordered the medium beef and cheddar brisket sub- delicious! Everything was very fresh! I drive  by here all the time but never stopped! I definitely will be back!
Great atmosphere. Good food. Big Blue Van beer has a great blueberry flavor. The Texan and Patty melt are delicious.
Absolutely recommend this organization. First class experience. I used the valet service and when I came back they had my car running with A/C on and trunk open and a person there waiting to help me with my bags. When I gat in the car it had cold bottled water in the cup holders for me and my wife.  Quick and easy on 99 degree day. I highly recommend!!!!!
This is why I am giving this place 5 stars. Let me start from the beginning. I was invited to a wedding for November 26. I planned my whole trip from Denver, Colorado the whole month. I bought an expensive dress and made sure I had everything I needed for that special day. On November 25th I don't know what the heck happened but my neck Popped! Yeah my next popped and I could not move my neck! I swear I cried all day because I was in pain. I stayed home thinking by the next day I would feel better. Nope. I was worse. So I looked up for a chiropractor. Keep in mind I also don't have health insurance because that is expensive as hell. I find this place and it has 5 stars. I call and this amazing nice lady answered the phone. I forgot her name unfortunately but she was so sweet. She told me to go in and the doctor would see me. I go in and immediately they start working on me. I apparently tore a muscle and that is why I was in pain and could not move my head! I was scared and I talked to Dr. Brandon Wentzel about the wedding I was going to be attending at 6 that day. He promised to make me better and that I would be able to move. Guess what? He did! I left the doctor place able to move and even though I still had pain it lowered from a 10 to 1! SO happy to have been able to go here and have two people take care of me and make me better. Thank you so much. Plus it was not pricey and did not cost me an arm and a leg!Thank you so much!
Wow! Was invited to lunch there last Saturday and it was awesome.. The owner greeted us at the door and showed us around.Great Atmosphere and you  can actually watch  them make your food. The Murals were breathtaking and the staff was incrediably Friendly!  Our Food Server was Talia and she was AMAZING! This is a place to put on your bucket list! Great Service and Awesome Food!ASK FOR TALIA!!!We'll be back!
Everything was delicious! The crab stuffed chicken looked a little different than I had envisioned was the blend of sauce, with the chicken and crab was great! Also, the chefs platter with cheese and was meats was a very pleasant surprise!
I have been going to this place for a few years. They made a point to know my name and it gives me the warm and fuzzies! I would say everything is good except I am not a fan of cold spring rolls. I love the presentation of the pho...you get a friggen salad to make your own little creation. The mango chicken is awesome and something I crave often. They make a great Mango spicy shrimp salad that rocks with a little kick. And their Chicken fried rice has ruined me for so many others. It is so good that I can't eat it anywhere else! Great for Carryout or dine in.
Our first time here and I have one word for it... DELICIOUS. I ordered the club and their pesto is perfection with the havarti cheese. The waffle is buttery, not sweet and not too much where it would be too filling. Even their fries are amazing. I will be back!!
I think I reviewed this already but....You expect a great steak with great service to be a bit  expensive.  You get what you pay for.  There were 8 of us and we had reservations..  The service was great.  The food was great and the wine list was a book of great wines available at all prices.  I will be back to try their dry-aged bone-in rib eye.  All of us that the whole evening was wonderful.
What I love about this place is that the owner Olivier and his parents (The Chefs in the back) care for you as a person and prepare your food and coffee with that in mind.  I was speaking to Olivier and mentioned my dietary changes and he offered to make me an Almond milk Latte with stevia, and his mother made me a healthy spinach omelet.  You can't find this type of service and care anymore.  The Baguette Cafe experience is well worth it every time!  God bless.
I just moved to the area and ran into this restaurant. They staff was super friendly and took their time to explain the varied menu selection. The food was delicious and on top of everything, the place was super clean. I will definitely be coming back!
I love this place but you need to change your hours listed! Not open until 10 am instead of 7 like it says!
Amazingly Awesome!! The food is amazing and so tastey. My taste buds had a party in my mouth its so good. You can see the rotisserie so you know everything is fresh. The staff are super friendly, inviting, and laid back. We came in 20 mins to close and we were going to take our food to go so not to hold them up from closing and they invited us to stay and told us to take our time and enjoy. We also got samples of their bac lava and it was so good (not too sweet or sticky).  We will be regulars here and bring friends with us as we just moved into the area. Well done.  Love the food and customer service.
We dropped in for dinner at Aloette for the first time this week and I'm glad we did. This is my favourite  new restaurant of 2017. Aloette is the casual sister to Alo, upstairs. The room is long and narrow, and feels like a cross between a classic diner and an upscale train dining car. Waiters bustle around the tight space creating a fun, busy atmosphere.We sat at the bar. No reservations are taken but we walked right in at 6:00.We started with beef tartare and fried smelts. The tartare was good and went well with the fresh horseradish included. Smelts were crispy and lightly battered. A nice surprise were the fried jalapenos that went surprisingly well with the fish. The real star though was the free cheesy toast and butter.The mains were absolutely delicious. The cornish hen was cooked perfectly crispy and was an umami explosion with mushrooms and spinach, but could have used a tiny bit more salt and/or sauce. The burger with fried cheese on top was fantastic. Now that the Harbord Room is closed I think this is now my favourite restaurant burger in Toronto.For dessert we had the apple pie sundae and a cup of strong coffee.Service was impeccable. My wife was given samples of two wines to compare when she couldn't decide, a touch that I always appreciate. The wine list could be a bit more extensive but this is a quibble. A fantastic new spot. We will be back.
My sister and I have visited Gib's twice and both times had a great time! It's an old house that's converted into all sorts of seating areas...on the porch, in a living room, etc. Each area is unique and has it's own flair.
At this point we have 98 check in's.  Good thing they are a good ways from us.  If not, we'd probably be broke,  and wouldn't be able to fit through normal doors.Food and service is wonderful.   Although yelp classifies this is a bar, this is not typical bar food.  In fact, almost everything is made from scratch - including great desserts. If you have never been here, you are definitely missing out.
This place is simply amazing! They have a marvelous selection of tequilas and make some of the best drinks I've ever had with it. We had their chips and salsa, as well as most of their happy hour items - which shouldn't be skipped! Our server Joe was on top of everything with helpful suggestions.Some of their dishes take 15 hours to prepare. You won't find the cheapest fare here, but quality costs. I promise, they will wow you.
Went here on March 24 in the morning. Had the blueberry coffee cake, blue berry pancakes and a scramble with gravy. Portions are super big. Would definitely recommend going there. Best blueberry coffee cake with lots of blueberries
If anyone is looking for quality electrical work, choose Next Generation Electrical Technologies. They have performed work twice now at my residence and have exceeded all my expectations. Most current job was switching outdated lights in garage to LED lights mounted to ceiling. Not only did they come early, they did the work in record time and I didn't have to wait all day! They called first to make sure I was home, awesome follow up!  Thank you Next Gen for providing quality customer service.
Note: CASH ONLY!I have yet to conquer their titular menu item, but I can say with absolute confidence and honesty that The Original Gyro of Castle Shannon (formerly a pizza joint) has already vanquished every other Baklava and order of Stuffed Grape Leaves I've ever had the fortune of eating. The grape leaves are pouches of gastronomic pleasure that nearly burst with rice and a most delicate ground lamb.  The lavish, honey-kissed, nut-embedded Baklava will simultaneously exercise your jaw muscles and seduce your sweet tooth, suggesting flavors and preparation far beyond their $2 price tag.P.S. Dig those late hours!
We weren't what sure what to expect from a 1:00pm comedy/show.  Maybe we weren't expecting a lot since the tickets were very reasonable (expecially through one of those half-price tix places) however we thought the show was great.  Glad we noticed the good reviews here on Yelp. Definitely a good choice to fill a couple of afternoon hours if you want to get off the casino floor.
Having just moved to the area, Casey's has been such an amazing place to have available.  They truly have a little bit of everything available 24 hours a day.  Everybody who works here has always been so friendly and helpful. Their pizza is also really, really, really good.  It's my favorite so far in the area.  Who would've thought???  We have only done carry out up to this point, but they do now offer delivery.  Delivery hours are 4:30 p.m. - 10 p.m. There is a delivery fee of $2 per order with a minimum purchase of $10 required. Forms of payment accepted include major credit cards, cash and check.
Small venue, big flavor. Homie vibe as you walk in there is a nice sense of ole Montreal in the brick veneer. The staff was friendly and there was an eclectic collection of seafood based fusion plates to try. That night I disregarded the house recommendation for seafood and went with the pork tenderloin... and let me tell you, I regret nothing. It was the best pork tenderloin I ever tried. Ever. The wine selection was great, and the cozy ambiance was just what the doctor ordered for my party of 4. They take reservations, and I do recommend that you call in advance on the weekends. When we left the place was packed. Great experience, be prepared to spend s lil $$$, 5 stars.
This place is without a doubt, the BEST BBQ IN ILLINOIS. My boyfriend went to U of I and we somehow stumbled upon this hidden gem. Well, I suppose it's not so hidden since there is usually a long wait. But don't be discouraged! The wait is well worth it, I promise. Try to make your way through the door, find the guy in charge, and put your name on the list. There's not much space in this place. I guess that would be my one complaint. It can get pretty crunched, especially if you're waiting. However, what is better to tide you over than a delicious beer? Now, let's talk about this beer.They have new selections on tap all the time. Please, do your beer pallet a favor and don't order the usual domestics and imports (Miller, Bud, Heiniken, Corona, etc). Those are just fine for any regular restaurant. Why miss the glorious opportunity to try something mind-blowingly good? Seriously, these beers are amazing. They come from different breweries across the country. Places/companies you've never heard of. Combinations of flavors you would never think to try. I once had an oyster beer here. Sounds disgusting but it was so good. Trust me on that. I'm very picky and I liked it. You can also get a flight of 7 beers on a dogbone shaped tray (how fitting!). This flight has all the beers that are on tap in 4 oz glasses. You can share them with a friend and then order the one you like best!Now, on to the food. So SO good. There are a few different sauce choices you can get. Not being one for spicy, I get the Georgia Peach. It is soo good on anything you get. There is no bad item on this menu. The pulled pork is amazing as are the hamburgers. Hard to believe a hamburger could be so good, but it is. The brisket is also amazing. They cook it for 12 hours. How could it not be? Try to get here relatively early though, because some items like the brisket run out later in the evening. While it's a bummer, think of it as a good thing. This way, you know they're not just heating it in the microwave. They cook it, and once it's gone, it's gone. Oh and the fries are amazing, whether you get the regular or sweet potato.I know this was a long review, but I really can't say enough about this place. I'm obsessed. It's a bummer that my bf graduated so we can't go all the time since we live near Chicago. However, I will make any excuse to go down. Going there this weekend for Halloween. Can't wait to visit my favorite BBQ place in all the land!
I started going here more than 15 years ago (I think, more than 10 for sure).  I was referred here by my relative that knows the now famous Clarance, the owner of the place.  I told him I am the niece of such and such and he said he remembers them.  I didn't have insurance for glasses then he gave me a very reasonable price.  He is very friendly and chatty, and despite our age difference (I am probably not much older than his children) we became quick and great friends.  I even go over just to chat after I got my glasses.Now years later, he is still a good friend, and everytime I go in he always ask about my grandma.  It is hard to find good service nowadays, and he kept it up all these years.  His business had grown (and I have to admit I had send some friends there also) and you might need to wait a bit longer for his "personal" service, but the other workers are very nice and helpful too.  His prices are still reasonable and with great selections.  I can't imagine to go anywhere else for glasses now.
Excellence. Convinced my wife and kids to come to this "French" Inspired place ( i think they were reluctant because of that) ... fast forward . Everyone loved their meals. The ambience is relaxing, classy and conducive to anticipating something special. We'll come back
Chop Chop Wok is as good as it gets for me as far as Chinese food is concerned. I feel it is more of a 4 1/2 star place, but I had to round up because they are just so pleasant here & when you are waiting on an order, they will actually walk it out to your car. Now that is like Nordstrom/Nob Hill type service right there! Btw, Nob Hill is an upscale grocery store in NorCal & I know all my NorCal peeps will get that reference ;)So...the food is really tasty here & the ingredients are nice & fresh. The beef broccoli is some of the best I have had. The beef is really quite good. Not at all like that weird tasting & texturally displeasing mystery meat usually found in this dish. And the broccoli is nice & crunchy & has a nice fresh, bright green look to it. I also LOVE the Lo Mein! Lol, which is actually Chow Mein, at least where I'm from. Either way, it is on point. They also have really good lunch specials & you definitely cannot beat the prices here.I am SUPER picky when it comes to Chinese food & I will not just go anywhere. There has to be some sort of buzz or word of mouth about a place before I will try it. So, I would like to thank all of my fellow Yelpers that helped me decide on trying Chop Chop Wok. And to the staff, I think you all are great & you treat people with great warmth & friendliness. Not as customers, but as friends or an extended hungry family member ;)
I couldn't be more excited to have found this new place.   Food was yummy and prices very reasonable. Service was great and they even showed the kids the lobsters! Will be back and will certainly recommend to all the people I know. Felt as if I was in New Orleans :)
The food is very amazing. I had the rice and chicken steak and the chicken suqar and rice. Both dishes were made with excellent taste and I and a blast eating them. I would recommend this place to my friends any day of the week. Great customer service and great ambience. Also the mango shake was pretty good with the ice cream topping and I also like the strawberry shake as well. If anybody lives in the Rex dale area, stop by this place and order something off their menu, I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
Thank you J &M for the paint and repairs in my home.  I know I'm not easy to work with, but the guys were great and stuck it out.  I'm very pleased with how everything turned out and will be happy to recommend your company.
Went here for the first time last night... The best calamari , prime rib California cut, mash potatoes, the best salad ever!!!! Nice and clean place to eat... Employees are all so professional... I love that there is a dress code here... Gentlemen must remove hats... Ill definitely be back & will definitely recommend this place to family & friends!!!
Very different place for breakfast and I loved the food. This is a place you can go back to many times and get something different each time and love it.
The portions are a little small, but seriously the best tacos I've ever had!! My only complaint was how warm the water was when they brought it to the table. However I asked for a glass of ice and problem solved. Highly recommend!
One of the best if not the best sushi restaurants I have ever been to. Tempura is so light and script. Sashimi is amazing. Stampede roll is delicious. Soft shell crab rolls too!!
I heard about this place from shark tank so I obviously had to go check out. It was everything I expected and more. The presentation was not only adorable but the tea was amazing. I'm a full on coffee addict and I told my boyfriend I would drink this tea over coffee any day! Tastes just like how I would drink my tea while I was in London. Definitely telling all my friends about this place and next time I'm in need of any custom cakes or pastries I'll be ordering from here as well. Thank you guys!
This is hands down my favorite place to go for tacos! Anybody I have ever taken with me enjoys it just as much as I do. Every time I go I leave completely satisfied- I'd recommend it to any one!
I am not a cake fan. BUT OMG!!! HOLY MOIST CAKE!!!! Absolutely delicious!! In fact, it's the only place I buy cake. Ever.....
Positive: The food! We had soup, chow fun, and the Peking duck. The chow fun was exactly like at home. The Peking duck  was served exactly how my sister liked (lean, less fat). Also, great service. My sister and I felt incredibly homesick after eating here. Negative: I wish the Peking duck was served on a bao instead of in the wrappers; however, my sister informs me that the wrappers are more traditional.
This guy is the best. My washing machine pump went out and the company that was originally suppose to show up on a Saturday never did. Late Saturday I called Allstate and he was easy to talk to on the phone and assured me he would be at my house between 7 and 8 am Sunday morning. He was on time and replaced the pump in no time. With all the shady businesses in Vegas it's nice to finally deal with a down to earth businessman. . I have found my repairman from now on. Thank you so much
Love the look of the restaurant when you first walk in. The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious! Plan on coming back again.
Cooked to perfection. I mean perfection. Red mashed potatoes were puréed. Bacon wrapped shrimp were beyond flavorful. Peppercorn steak spot on. Request to sit on the patio and the fountain debuts every 15 or 30 minutes. The view is breathtaking. The wait staff is there for every need or accommodation. All high class professionals.
Fabulous food! Cadillac fajitas are the best fajitas! Love the homemade tortillas! The customer service is great! The drinks are fantastic! Always a great time in fajitas and it really is the best place in Arizona to eat fajitas! I highly recommend it and enjoy! Cadillac fajitas 1/2 pound can serve for two people- or if you have more than that then go for a pound. Love the fresh flaky chips! Yum!
This is a gym that takes a more personal approach to fitness and nutition.  The trainers will tailor your workout to your goals, take into account your injuries and provide a lot of encouragement.  The members are very welcoming and friendly.My session today was led by the owner, James Wong.  He tailored the workout for me, since it was my first time and I had a lot of stiffness and injuries to work around.  I really appreciated that.  This is my first time of ever joining a gym like this so I really didn't know what to expect.  What I found was a lot of personal and individual attention to your specific goals and fitness level.  My package includes an initial assessment, unlimited training and yoga sessions, The Fit Labs Diet and Exercise Journal, The Fit Labs Diet guide, up to 2 sessions per month with a Fit Labs Coach and unlimited email support. Even after my workout today, James texted me to find out how I was feeling and see if I needed anything.  That's amazing personal attention!  It's going to be fun working out here and meeting new fitness friends!
I've been a member since it opened and I've built  more muscle mass while losing body fat during this time. The trainers are motivating, friendly, & knowledgeable in the fitness & nutritional area. Jamison, Stephanie, & Nathalie are helpful during each class making sure everyone has the correct form & lifts correctly so they don't hurt themselves.  I love that that each class is 45 min of intense cardio or weight training except for Saturday which is an hour class. Saturday's class is my favorite with a live DJ. We live DJ Lee too. It's a great workout with a group of people, but everyone works at their own level. It's a family atmosphere were everyone gets to know each other.
Mandy was a great bar tender,always kept our drinks full and kept non paying customers out of the bar. Great local bar without all of the strip bs
This place is so yummy, reminds me of my vacation in Kauai! Visit it before they hibernate for the winter. The tigers blood is my favorite - a combination of three flavors. The pricing is affordable, and they always hand out a 2-for-1 coupon to use on your next visit.We can usually bribe the kids to do any chore, in exchange for a trip here! :)
Excellent coffee shop and very conveniently located to pop in and go or sit for a bit with your coffee outside. All of the drinks are amazing, I have been 3 times, today will be 4 and each time I want to get another. All of the employees are so nice and they are quick to get you your drink. They also have waffles, I haven't personally tried one but I have seen a couple people order them and I always want it! Definitely give this place a shot, personal favorite is the iced vanilla latte which on the menu is probably named after a bird.
First time at this Discount Tire (just moved to AZ from Spokane, WA and was very happy with the Discount Tire there) to have the front tire of our truck checked as it was losing pressure overnight.  Was helped by Benjamin (name on the work order) who was great.  Told us they would check the tire and rotate them for free.  Went outside to look at the tire and measure the remaining thread on each tire (still OK).  They did find a nail and fixed it.  I will return here when I need a new set of tires.  Discount Tire must train their employees well as I've always received excellent service.
I ordered the yellow curry veggie style because it's my favorite and because all the positive reviews on yelp about the yellow curry. IT WAS SO YUMMY!! the veggies included, onions, carrots, potatoes, broccoli, and cabbage. I ordered a 3 because reviews had said they run hot and they were right I love spicy food and a 3 was the prefect amount of heat. My total with tax was 8.61$ I am super satisfied and am wanting to try the lunch special next time I have a layover!
Their pizza is really really good. Nice clean space. A little pricey though. You get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks!
Easily in my top 10 meals of all time. Sat at the bar and was in heaven eating dim sum and the crispy duck salad.
Tommie the bartender was super welcoming and he gave my friend and I free shots on the house while we waited for our food togo! Thank you so much for the entertaiment and the delicious drink! We will definitely come back to visit for a couple more drinks! :)
Great neighborhood bar!  Closes early, so you get home early!
This place is awesome. The tuna tataki is amazing. Sushi rolls are great and the Indonesian soup is great as well. I recommend stopping in
My boyfriend loves this place! They have about the nicest staff you could ask for. There's no stereotypical haughty, know-it-all, jerkhole comic book clerk (think the Simpson's comic book guy) at Samurai. They know their product and enjoy discussing comics, toys and anime with anyone and everyone. Their selection of current comics is unbeatable, although they really could use more back issues. When the death of Captain America issue came out, they sold out pretty much immediately. Because the owner knew my boyfriend was a fan and a regular, he saved an issue just for him. Ya can't ask better service than that!
I love everything about Windsor. I've been here a couple of times, and I loved them all. The last time was my favorite. We came here on Saturday night for my boyfriend's birthday and got a candlelit table on the patio. Patio's are perfect in October, and this one rules. The music they play is really good, but loud..which we enjoyed. It's busy, but not so busy that you have to sit and wait forever. I've gotten the brown bag chicken sandwich and the Windsor burger. While the brown bag has all the amazing ingredients to make an amazing choice, it lacks just a little bit of flavor and is a little dry and "herby" tasting for my liking. The burger however, is amazing. The sweet potatoes and fried okra are delicious as well. Four peaks pumpkin porter is a seasonal and we had that and the Sam Smith's cider.  (Two of my favorites). One of our friends ended the night by getting the birthday boy a Chocolate Elvis...which is ice cream, bananas, peanut butter and whipped cream.Windsor is awesome!
My favorite go to every time I'm in Cleveland.  The cold smoked filet is outstanding.  Do net let the location scare you.  A true gem
Cool decor, and excellent plates to share. Even ran into young jeezy here....yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh(jeezy voice)
Best tacos in Montreal. Definitely try the guacamole and if you like shrimps, the Rosarito taco is a must-have.
Best comics best owner in town! Definitely have to check this place out! Great deals and prices as well!
Skip the game and just hang out here. So close to the stadium, all the pre game is here. Cheap beer, great waitstaff. Huge crowd hangs out and goes late to the game. By the time they clear out, the early leavers from the game are coming back. They have the game on TV. I came back for the fireworks. Great view from the bar.
This place is my neighborhood go to for Thai. I've always enjoyed the dinner food over several years, both in restaurant and delivery. I tried their mango smoothie for the first time the other day and I found a new favorite place for those now too. Yay!
Crazy place with awesome music. Although it can get crowded I loved the place for the music.
First time trying and really enjoyed the food. Take out order, so hard to tell you about in house service. But  Paul was a greatFood was prepared very well and fresh. It was steaming hot. Lollipop chicken - 4/5Chicken Wings - 5/5Manchurian chicken (gravy) - 4/5Kungpao chicken - 5/5Beef w/ beans and mushroom - 4/5Szechuan fish(gravy) - 5/5House fried noodles - 4/5Yeng chow fried rice - 4/5Portions are large, economical.  And they gave me order of white rice with all gravy orders. Order was loaded up with condiments and cutlery also.  Place looked clean and very spacious.Will definitely go back.
This is probably my favorite steakhouse in the country.  Steaks are the main attraction,  especially anything with a bone in.  Apps are delicious and sides are served family style.  Don't skip dessert
Lydiah's Coffee House is a prime example of what makes small business so great, particularly those in the food service industry! The owner (Lydiah) is incredibly kind and friendly, and the food she makes is very delicious. Every different menu item I've had thus far is of the curried variety, which is expertly done. Not too much, not too little, just the right amount of delicious curry flavor. The small lunch special is economical, but also jam packed with a great amount of food.The Kenyan chai tea is also quite a treat which I will be enjoying the next time I stop in for lunch.
I have had dinner here two times, and loved both times!  Personally, I think there is a lot of mediocre food in Vegas, but Mesa Grill is definitely not mediocre.  We had dinner before seeing Cirque's "O".  The bread basket, as everyone says, is excellent.  I had the Partida margarita, simply divine.  My salad was great, with a little spice.  The spice rub pork tenderloin is the best pork I have EVER had.  It was so good, we raved about it so much, that the couple at the next table both ordered the pork tenderloin as well, and thanked us profusely for the recommendation!  I was a bit disappointed in the pear upside down cake for dessert.  It would only get 3 stars.  But the total experience is still 5 stars.
I am a big fan of fish tacos, some people cringe at the thought, but that's because they have never had a fish taco from here. Rubio's by far has the best fish taco, it is absolutely delicious. After 2:30 pm on Tuesday is "Taco Tuesday" and fish taco's are $1.50/ea.
WOW!!!! I have never walked into a bakery that smelled this good.That is the first impression. The pastries are unique: not dried out, crusty pretty pieces. Fresh, flavorful, not-too-sweet... just the right touch of flavor to leave a vibrant aftertaste. Only a few variations. That is because everything is fresh, made from scratch. No commercial mixes here. I really can't pick a favorite item, but the small loaves of bread are really special. Large enough for two. No leftovers. If you have ever been to a bakery with dozens of different cookies, pastries and cakes... this is not that kind of bakery. Better than I have tasted in Germany, France , Denmark or Switzerland. Fresher. Remember the word FRESH. It defines La Gourmandine.I wanted to add photos... but, sorry, I ate everything!
I normally don't write reviews but this place deserves one. I am not from Madison and may not visit Fast Biryani again for a long time but already know I'll be having cravings for it that will make me want to visit Madison again just for this place alone. Food was really tasty, the Paneer Tikka Masala I tried was not overtly spicy, and the restaurant was clean and nicely maintained.
This place is so good.  My wife and I have been here a lot since our first visit, just a couple weeks ago.  Can't stop thinking about that carne asada burrito!  Get the pork belly taco(s)!  All tacos are very tasty, but the pb stand out.  Just had the Inca salad with grilled shrimp... Delicious!  Outro does it right.  Oh... The chilequiles are just like the ones I've had in Guanajuato.  Real deal folks.  Great staff, tunes, vibe.
I'm in love with this place! The food is amazing for sure. They have my favorite bourbon, Bulliet, on special on fridays. They play amazing music as well! They crowd is always very eclectic and the bartenders are attentive and very nice. I'm so happy I have found such an awesome local place!
Tip: Don't forget to get a punch card for a free wash!My dogs nails seem to grow an inch a day and he will fight to not have them trimmed. I have taken him multiple places but haven't had the success I have here. They let me in the room while they trim his nails so I can hold and comfort him, plus they do all their grooming behind a window so you always know what is going on. I drive twenty minutes out of my way to come here because we consistently have a fantastic experience. I prefer to wash my dog myself (so I don't have any experience with the additional grooming services they offer). The facility is always clean, easy to use and the employees are super helpful (and seem to really enjoy their jobs). They have everything you could need to groom, including toothbrushes, brushes, and towels/dryers. I always go with the basic wash and have been very happy with it (about $15). Their pricing is the same no matter the size/breed. My dog is about 45 pounds so for me it's worth it but might not be if you have a tiny dog. The food/treats are great too. Super healthy brands that I can feel good about feeding my dog. They sell toys/leashes/collars as well. We always end our trip with one of their bakery items, which my dog gobbles up.They have a super sweet resident cat that doesn't seem to be bothered by much which we always say hi to on our way out. Can't recommend this place more!
Awesome burgers and friendly staff! Loved that there was a pool table and corn hole. Great place to hang out with friends and throw a few back. Definitely recommend the sweet potato tots! Excited to go back and try another new burger .
One of my favorite spots on queen st east.  There's nothing bad to say about anything on the menu but my favorite dishes are the completo sandwich either steak or chorizo are really good.  Also, the tacos are really good and authentic and again I enjoy the steak or choriO tacos but chorizo being more on my favorite side.  Check it out !
Very clean and the staff is friendly!! The specialty coffee is good when available (runs out fast on Sunday mornings).Today's choice for coffee is "Butter Rum".Yogurt Parfait is always good and a great morning starter.Lots of choices for omlettes, I would suggest the Palermo.Can get busy and crowded sunday mornings by 9 am so get here early if you can.
Never have had a problem using Al Phillips.  The staff is friendly and they get the job done quickly.  Not to mention that they are very affordable.  I always use them for my dry cleaning needs.
I came unannounced at 730am on a Wednesday for 1x tire replacement and 4x tire rotation. John sped me to the front that morning and had me out the door in under an hour. Perfect.
English Laundry has landed! A favorite label by many stars not for the name but the style, cut, and fit. I was excited when I was walking around Town Square in Las Vegas and stumbled upon this gem of a store. "Could it be? Yes, it is THE English Laundry brand! And they're having a sale!!! BONUS!Their cut and sew button up shirts come pre-tailored and tapered to contour your body for a very nice looking fit. Everything they have is quality.Stylish bowties will turn any nerd into desired.And if they have their men's fragrance in stock, you're in luck! Buy one or two. They usually sell out very quickly.
In a world of big box stores and impersonal chains, Safrans' is a glimmer of hope for those of us who want to make grocery shopping personal again. The store is not overwhelming and people are always glad to help. It is a family run business and the owners are very big community supporters and this shows in every aspect of their business. I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices. If you have not stopped into Safran's before make sure you make it in, you will not be disappointed!
Absolutely ridiculously amazing! Chicken Tikka masala was perfect. Best I've ever had!
Love this place for fresh Cookies and breads. Best (and only) bakery in town. Small scale so things do run out. I've heard the pizzas are also fab.
The food is delicious and the price is just right. The servers are super nice as well! One of the best hakka restaurants I have ever tried.
Basically the only place with the people I would trust with my brows! They're so great at what they do & my brows have never looked better. I came in for 3 appointments so far in the past & I can't wait to go in & see them again! I never felt so confident walking out of an establishment such as this. They also keep their work stations very clean & tidy. The staff is also the friendliest around!
We go here regularly and always get great food and great service. For a quick bite of mexican food, this is the place.
As I was leaving the store I found a pair of white Shimano on the clearance table for $100...a perfect fit  YAY, loved the intense workout in Billie's class at LVAC this am thanks guys and thanks Billie for teaching me how to clip in
I just wish this places wasn't so packed all of the time, but with food as good as this, what do you expect. I have only tried a few sauces (Carolina and Georgia Peach) and they are awesome. I get the wings every time I come here. I have tried the pulled pork, catfish sandwich and even a burger. The food is always great. I just really wish I could sit down and enjoy lunch here without a ridiculously long wait.
Love this place! Delicious, creative small plates, and our server Holly was wonderful!
Back in August, I was wanting to get a massage so I asked my girlfriend Jenny if she had any good but affordable recs. She suggested Suzanne & I called right away to try & make an appt for that wknd. Unfortunately, she was already booked but had an opening the following Sunday, so I immediately took the spot for a 90 min classic massage. I had a lil trouble finding the location but I called Suzanne & she was able to guide me, even with my horrible direction skills-I am by a, uh building with balconies. Lol bless her heart! Suzanne is very personable & makes you feel at ease. We spoke some during my massage but not too much where I couldn't enjoy it. She applied the right amount of pressure for my preference & I was in heaven the entire time. My 2nd experience with Suzanne was late September, my mom got me a massage as a gift. This time I chose the lava shell massage. If you have ever experienced a hot stone massage, this is similar. But in my opinion so much better! I am going to try & see Suzanne once a month or at least every other month. I used to think massages were not necessary & just too expensive, but that was before I experienced Time For You with the amazing Suzanne! :) *Also, she has a website with a ton of info on it: www.timeforu.net
I love this place. My friend introduced me to this place about 5 years ago and I eat there when ever I can. The food is great and the same people have worked there for years. If you're looking for a fancy restaurant this is not the place, if your looking for good food look no further. I like the Chicken Sharma and the Hummus is the best I have ever eaten. The portions are big and the prices are really good. It's hard to find a cheap, fast good quality restaurant but Haji Baba has it all.
If only I was able to give them more starts. This place is THAT good! I usually order the curry chicken sandwich w a organic green tree and oh my $&:xbs- the meal is to die for... Makes me debate whether or not to get more than 1 order. Oh and did I mention he owner is behind the register! Such a nice guy friendly guy!
Blood Brothers Brewing is worth the trek to at least a visit. I have been drinking Shumei and Paradise Lost for awhile which are available on taps at Good Catch Boil House. And here I was, finally here and able to try out more of their beers! You can either order a sampler or a half pint or a pint from their ever rotating draft list. And in case if you rather just want to pick up a bottle or 6 of them from the shop, you can also ask for a taste before committing.If you are into sour beers, you would be delighted with their interesting IPA, Sour Ale which used different kind of fruits. And their Sour Ale White Lies series uses different grapes was also quite interesting too. Come by for a drink or 2 and enjoy their casual setting with friendly service and of course some good beers!PS. You can even order bottles delivered to your place via their online shop.
Such a pleasant surprise once you walk in the door. The ambiance and food is well worth it! Was very comparable to food we had in thailand
I was worried after reading the negative comments below.  But i am pleased, very pleased with my cleaner that arrived early enough before the set time to meet each other.  She was friendly and so was the service by phone i received when I called to book using my deal voucher.  I have set another appointment for next month requesting her again.
Best gyros ! Great portions and their fries are wonderful ! Employees very friendly and polite. We will be going back every chance we get. I've only had one gyro better and that was at the stand at Westside Market, but these are  close to a tie. Love them !
This store has some excellent customer service.  I've been going here for years and always get asked several times if I need help.  I'm a needy kind of person, lol. So I know  I  will get  some great advise when I go here.  In this day in age with service it's nice to know where I can find some awesome assistance.  Don't forget to ring the bell when going out the door, they have that up there to tell the employee's they were helpful and you were happy with your service. :)
Miso happy! This is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. By far. Hands down.Best miso soup - ever. I had their salmon oyster roll thing - raw oyster wrapped in a piece of salmon with salmon roe on top. It was divine! (I fantasize about this, seriously.) Their soft shell crab is... wow. Melt in your mouth perfection. They don't do happy hour, but the prices end up being very reasonable for what you get. I tried their baby yellow tail and a huge piece of clam. Tasty! Yasu is small, so get there early. The place can fill up quick! I love the atmosphere inside. The service is superb and the staff is uber-friendly. When we walked in, the guy behind the bar waved at us. If you don't live nearby, it's ok. The sushi is definitely worth the drive. And if you live close-by, I hate you. (Just kidding. Or am I?)
Have been here for about 3 years now and really enjoyed staying here. The staff is great and always there to help you with smiling faces! The location is great and very quiet neighborhood, The pool is amazing and is very clean. All of our maintenance requests have been taken care of on the same day.
Great show. It is a very fun show and it is truly very interactive!!! It is definitely for adults and if you get offended easily then don't go. It is definitely a bargain and a great time. As far as the seating I would definitely do more towards the front. It is a better view and a lot more fun to see everything up close. Grab a drink and have a fun time!!!
This place is the real deal. Everything was super fresh and very tasty! Our server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and all the ingredients in all of the chefs dishes.
After 2 years of trying to go at it (unsuccessfully) alone on a short sale, I was referred to Xenophone by my real estate agent. I am so grateful I found them! I first met with Xenophone and he spent about an hour answering every question that we had during our first meeting. When we arrived, Xenophone had already reviewed our file and had a recommended course of action. We learned a lot about the process and had a sense of comfort about his knowledge and track records with success on our type of short-sale. We were able to work out a convenient payment plan and retained Panda & Associates services when we left.It took four months and countless hours by Xenophone's staff to get this short sale approved. We are in the final stages now so its not completed but looking encouraging.The staff here is extremely responsive, very good about communicating and always prompt with updates. We had a few close calls with the sales date looming and the staff put in overtime with late/early calls to work on our account.Ill update when everything is finalized, but at this point, I have been happy to refer my family and friends to this firm and have only positive feedback.
The next time your in need of a eye exam and/or any eyewear I would strongly suggest that you give "ALL THINGS EYES" a try. Their front staff members are exceptional as is Dr. Wong.Everyone bends over backwards to make sure you get just what you want, great selection of eyewear. You won't be dissatisfied. I'm so glad that they decided to make the move into the South West area of Las Vegas.I definitely will be going back there the next time I need an eye exam & any new eyewear.
First visit here and I can not find any faults.  The place is nicely decorated and in great shape.  I only say this because so many Chinese restaurants I go to look like they never repair or update their furnishungs.  The menu has all the popular items but is not overly huge.  We ordered egg drop and wonton soups and then  Mongolian beef and Curry chicken.  Everything was served in a timely manner, looked great and tasted even better.  Very happy we decided to drive a little farther for this experience.  I think too many times we settle for what is convenient instead searching for better
There is a good reason this shop has 5 star ratings.  This is my second time using them I am very pleased with the work they performed.  As the case from my previous visit, my car was properly diagnosed and I was promptly called with details on the repairs.  I have owned this particular Mercedes for 10 years and do most of the work myself.  I knew what the issue was with my car before I took it to them, so I can with confidence say that they are honest with the repairs they recommend, and they are done properly.If you have never seen this shop before, it is clean and orderly.  The last time I visited,  the bays where filled and they where working on some old SL's which was nice to see.  Instead of going to the dealer come here and like myself you will end up being a repeat customer.
I've got good news and bad news. Good news: Ginko is a little bit better than a Conde Naste's 2015 Gold Awarded 3-Star Michelin rated Sushi restaurant with a 1-month waiting list in Tokyo Japan. Bad news? I had to spend $230 dollars on dinner in Tokyo to figure that out. - Jay Zarkovacki
Today I had my three dogs groomed by Victoria. She did a wonderful job, arrived on time, was very friendly and my dogs look great! They scheduled me within a couple of days. I will definitely use their services again, thanks for doing a great job
Tom is on his truck working nonstop, very impressed with his work ethic. For this reason forgive him if he doesn't pick up his phone. He did return calls.Demo'd my 40,000 gallon pool in 3 days. Lowest quote, and also handled city permits and is licensed. Very impressed.
I loved this place and so did my kids. They both received great haircuts. You know someone has a good haircut when people stop you and asks where you got it cut!!!!
I went here with my sister and nephew, it's a little dark but our waitress was super friendly as well as the other staffers. The food was also delicious. Hostess was helpful even the waitress who was on break was friendly. I will be back. I
The Master Spa has the best foot massage that i ever had...i am from Los Angeles.. there are many of foot massage places there...but none of them like this one..so friendly and has very good skills..especially the therapist Lin-Lin...wow..so amazing!! Definitely recommend and will come back every time i visit vegas~~~ Nothing more but A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
My new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. Do yourself a favor. Go, sit at the bar, let them choose what you eat and drink. The kitchen and bar are both killing it! Watch this place blow up on the Vegas restaurant scene. Mark my words.
I'm sooo surprised to read all this negative comments and star rating of this place.  A couple of my friends and I were around the area and wanted to grab a quick bite before we went to explore hard rock!Our first impressions when we walked in was that the place was really  clean, they had jukeboxes and it was playing 50's music.I ordered their regular hamburger as well as an Oreo shake, which was recommended by our server.Our food arrived in about five minutes and wow, this is not your average hamburger!!!!!It was delicious! The shake was thick and well worth the money. I only wished the hamburgers would come with fries as they were all separate but considering how yummy everything tasted it doesn't matter! The manager was in fact the person who served our food, she was very nice and had a Russian accent. She was nice enough to even split our checks 3 ways after we got the receipt and told her we forgot to mention separate receipts.If I am ever around the area I would def come back.
EXCELLENT ‼......this one word sums up my experiences since 2012 at this Sprint Store. Joseph, Brandon, and Anna have been VERY helpful when I've had issues with my phone. They care...and that very important attitude combined with their product knowledge makes for an "A+" skill set.
Best pedi I've ever had. Perfect massage! Literally perfect. Kim was amazing! Will be requesting her in the future.
I loved the vegetarian dishes! Would highly recommend  the vegetarian pho and vegetarian spring rolls.
Stumbled on this gem on my way to Bang Bang... and I am glad I did. This was my first time trying Cuban food so I wasn't sure what to expect. All I can say is that it is delicious!! It was a cute narrow restaurant with a diner feel. It was well portioned and had a good balance of flavours.
I have been here about four times for lunch over the last two years and each time it has been consistently good. I am not a Mexican food aficionado but it definitely seems different than the usual Tex-Mex a la Laredos.  On my last visit two weeks ago, I had the 7.95 grilled steak lunch special.  Rice and beans accompanied a nice grilled piece of flank steak covered with a deep dark mole sauce hinting of chocolate. Subtle + simple = sophisticated.  Nice. Tasty and fresh guacamole too and homemade tortilla chips!  It is not a large restaurant and some would say it is a little cramped. I call it cozy and serene.
Some of the best cookies I have ever eaten. I am a big fan of oatmeal cookies and my favorite so far is the oatmeal peanut butter chocolate chip! Yummm!It is a chunky cookie filled with lots of good stuff and tastes like just out of the oven. The owner says they do mail orders and also gluten free.The shop is charming with unique one of a kind items. Owner is friendly and welcoming. The shop seems like a comfy place to sit and enjoy your cookie and tea. Maybe next time I will try their cookie sundae with ice cream drizzled with caramel sauce.
WOW! The sandwiches here are off the hook! Not expected considering it's sitting inside of a mega resort. My wife had a club sandwich and I had a pastrami sandwich. Both were excellent! The bread was fresh, the meats were utterly tender, and oh so flavorful. You get a whole pickle with your sandwich, not just a spear. Here's a tip if you want your sandwich quicker. Have a drink at the 32 bar right next door and order your food from there. It took less than ten minutes for our sandwiches to get to us after we ordered them. That's fast considering the line for this place is always super long.
First Star - The price is great and affordable to fit any budget.Second Star - The location is conveniently located in a spot.Third Star - The customer service provided by Melly / Melli was great.Fourth Star - The place was clean and no spills on the floors.Fifth Star - My overall experience was better than expected. I definitely recommend going here if you need your clothes washed.(Thank you for reading this review - I am writing reviews of everywhere I eat when I dine out, places I shop, movies I watch and much more. Stay posted with #ReviewByMariaMescal)
I didn't know it is a Playa Cabana chain restaurant until I see the bill! It was yesterday, a day with freezing rain. When I called in and made reservation in the Morning, I didn't think it'd be a full house on a day like this( April snow). I'm so glad that I did when I arrived this hidden gem in a not so busy neighbourhood. We ordered cheese Jalapeño for starter, osso buco and braised lamb for main. Everything was delicious!!!! So richly infused with all kinds of spices! The cheese jalapeño looks a little unpleasant under the red neon light, but after the first bite, we are totally sold!! Both osso buco and braised lamb come with tostadas and beans and rice, no need to order separately. The portion was quite generous for two girls, next time we will probably cut one main and do one more starter. My only criticism would be the size of the table. For Mexican food, it'd be great if we have a little bigger table for the many dishes. But I understand that it is built upon a small townhouse, won't be able to have so many people if the table is bigger. Advise before going: 1,it's going to be fully packed, make your reservation early. 2, it's going to be loud, don't expect to sit in a quite corner. 3, ask the waiter for recommendation, they give great tips!
Great service, food and atmosphere. One of the most comfortable and well designed restaurants I've ever experienced.
Took my love here for an early birthday celebration. Our waiter, Johnny, was the best, so funny and attentive. We started out with the lobster bisque and it was heaven! I had the petit filet with scallops, my bf had the Kobe steak with sautéed shrimps, we had the lobster mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts for sides. The filet, steak and shrimps was delicious! My scallops was a little salty and slightly overlooked but still yum! The brussel sprouts was also salty and could use some shaved almonds and cranberries but overall good. Would definitely come back despite the whole meal cost me an arm, a leg and probably my first born.
My kids' allergies were really kicking up, so I started looking for someone to clean our air ducts.  I called a highly rated air conditioning business to ask their opinion and they told me their customers were extremely happy with All Ducts.  I called Brian (owner/manager/employee) and he got me an appointment exactly when I needed it.  He gave me an estimate for both cost (very affordable, in my opinion) and time and both were spot on. He has all of the right equipment--he is not a carpet cleaner that is trying to moonlight as a duct cleaner. He is thorough and professional.  I had him clean my dryer vent as well, which was a tricky job, as the builder vented the dryer from the first floor to the roof. However, Brian had the proper equipment and was able to do the job easily. I highly recommend All Ducts.
The BEST smoothies ever!! When my nieces visit from Belgium they always ask me to take them.
Got my haircut today by Crystal and I love it! I booked an appointment last night around 5pm through Yelp so i wasn't sure exactly what I would be getting. I asked her to give my fine limp hair some body and fix up my bangs. She did exactly what I hoped and my hair feels so much healthier! Crystal was so pleasant and spoke to me without any of the pretense that can accompany conversations with some beauty professionals. One of the owners came over and spoke with me for a bit and he was so kind as well. These interactions were super appreciated in what is probably one of my last "lady" days before having my first baby. I will gladly be back and already recommended Crystal to my bff!
I've eaten at a few of these.  They are OUTSTANDING!!!!  If you don't have one in your home town it's great. Little known fact is they have a lunch menu till 2 that is much cheaper and just as great.They definitely train their servers to be the best!  Go.
I've been here 3 times now and every time was fantastic: very reasonable prices, great food and awesome friendly service from this fully family-run resto.Our favourites are the deep-fried cauliflower and the royal jade house special soup. On the latest visit, we asked for the ginger crispy beef made instead with chicken since we had one person that couldn't eat red meat.  The chef kindly obliged and it was AWESOME!  Definitely should be added to the menu. :)
Every dish we touched and filled our bellies with is delicious!!!! Thank you Joe!We will be back with the entire familia! Ciao!
Coffee and food is a tad more expensive than other places but you get a lot of bang for your buck. Leather chairs and booths, carpet floors, very friendly servers, free refills on coffee and soda, tasty food, and a mature customer base.
Welcome to Steele Creek guys. I love going here and every time I leave here I feel good about myself. They even help you with your grocery's to your car every time. They give you coupons to free stuff. Make sure to get there before the evening to try the many samples.
I must say that I was very happy that they brought back my favorite menu item braised beef and cheese tortellini! Ordered an appetizer Lasagna Fritta which was delicious! Ordered some white moscato wine which was very good and the hostess was kind enough to give me a free glass of red moscato just to try :)
This is a regular taco stop for me, and if you love tacos it should be for you also!  Al Pastor tacos here are the best I've ever had in the state. It is not an exaggeration, but if you come here and do not try them, you've missed out on one of the valley most sought after gems.. In addition their other meat selections are very tasty, asada and cabeza being my next two favorite..
I love Savoy. In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it. I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived. After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping. I was quite hungry so this was a great start. One note, though - beware the spicy bread! We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces. Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.Then there was the drinks. My dining companion ordered a blackberry Cosmo (made with ingredients like blackberry moonshine - quite a nice touch), and I ordered the Starburst. Both of these drinks were superb; the Cosmo was a first-rate drink and oddly enough, my Starburst did indeed remind me of Starburst candies - but was still muuuuch tastier!As for the food - just, YUM! My companion ordered tomato soup and a pear salad. The salad was flavorful (though pretty standard in terms of salad ingredients), and the tomato soup was simply amazing - in addition to its freshness and being the perfect thickness it came with grilled cheese sandwich squares instead of croutons. More restaurants need to do this with their tomato soup, it was just so good! As for me, I ordered the 2015 restaurant week special - hen with bacon mac and cheese and a side of kale - and this was simply divine. I have yet to find such tender, juicy and well seasoned chicken in the city, plus the mac and cheese wasn't overly cheesy and had the bacon flavor infused into it. The result was that it wasn't too rich and it went well with my chicken and kale. The entire meal was also served with a side of tomato gravy, which was basically a thicker version of the tomato soup I'd sampled and fallen in love with already. I couldn't have been happier with what I ordered.The clincher for our excellent meal was the fantastic service we received throughout the night. All in all we thought Savoy had amazing food, fantastic staff and a very chill but warm atmosphere. We would absolutely come back - hopefully my next meal here will involve sampling the amazing looking brunch menu!
So...I have never made it in here for their famous brunch, because it always looks so darn crowded, with a super long wait!  Regardless, I have had their food at any number of events, and it never ceases to amaze!  In addition to eating in at their charming location, talk to them about catering if you want your event to be really remembered.  A high number of vegan and vegetarian options, in addition to those with meat.  These gals are truly accommodating.
All i can say wow!!  Best taco ever had. Beautifull Ambience, nice music. Servers are very attentive. Loved it
Shinbay was everything I expected it to be and more (which is pretty impressive as we had built it up in our minds for months before we went). We went there for my fiance's birthday and ordered the 5 course tasting menu. Each course was more phenomenal than the next. Keep it up! Phoenix is lucky to have such a phenomenal restaurant.
Fun guy, cool office, and most importantly great results. Entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
A favorite in town for 15 years and even better when they move in down the street.  The best in casual Italian.  Always busy so plan to wait or get takeout and have a Kiltlifter at the bar!
Very nice food! Gluten free pasta was great. The Ribeye was amazing! Good place and good atmosphere!
Grant his crew have been amazing. Had a few different repairs done there and very happy. Got a used car that knew needed work. Took it to BMW and they quoted me $2700 for the cooling system. Munich did a full repair on that, plus a valve cover gasket plus fixed another leak and found that my check engine light was bc a bad air/fuel mixture and the total repair was less than one at BMW. Then had my shift mechanism go out after I picked it up from those repairs and was like "this is weird". Talked to Grant and he said there wasn't a direct connection to their work as they were in a different part of the car but was willing to fix it at cost using a used part with a warrantee and it runs great. Had them do a little more like a battery and stuff and they will defiantly be my shop of choice. Having a German car isn't cheap but finding someone in the battle with you is key!
This place is great! We got the meat and cheese boards, sweet potatoes bravas, and short rib. The service and food were wonderful!
These guys are amazing.  Great use of time.  Amazingly friendly people.They use all of the latest technology and really get your teeth crazy clean.  As some of the other reviewers stated, some of the newer "deep cleaning" services are a little on the pricey side (few hundred dollars) -- but, this not your grand dad's cleaning -- I mean, when I was a kid we went to the dentist, got a little scrape and a polish and on you went.  If you get one of the deep cleaning they do a *lot* more to get your clean, namely using a ultra sonic water scaler, scrapping, then using a laser to kill ever more bacteria, then they inject an anti-biotic into your gums etc.  The upshot: your mouth feels amazing clean, fresh and just *happy* afterward.  Do it, the next day you will feel great, and its well worth a few extra dollars to get cleaned right. I recommend them to all my friends... and you!
So here I am AGAIN.Why again do you ask? I just purchased a 2011 Chevrolet Malibu from this dealership, and I went here after work to pick up the green slip so I can register the car with the DMV. TIP: Customers who buy or lease vehicles here: DO NOT have to go to the DMV to register your vehicle. You simply use the dealerships control number on the green slip to enter in the DMV website and it will bring up the vehicle you bought. You can then transfer or request new plates (standard only plates) and the DMV will mail them to you. This is handy, because we ALL hate the DMV. Back to my review of AutoNation Buick GMC of West Sahara round 2. So I got the green slip and I was "just looking" at some of the Buicks on the lot. Buick has come along way in the last 10 years or so. This is NOT your grandfather's or grandmother's Buick anymore. I had a 2013 LEXUS ES 300h that got 39MPG highway and 40MPG city. It had quite a few bells and wistles. Anyway, I began by driving a V6 powered 2016 Buick Lacrosse and Devon and Denzell were my points of contact again. I really liked it. This one didn't have the same equipment that my Lexus does, so I didn't really want this particular car, as I didn't want to go down in car quality or caliber. Then I drove a 2014 Chevrolet Impala V6, and loaded with everything for that model year with 22k miles and they were asking 25k for it. I really liked this car. It wasn't a Lexus or a Buick, but it was cheaper than either one of those and it was fully loaded. But I was contemplating replacing my business car, which was my Lexus, and I already had a V6 powered Malibu that I bought for 16k with 32.5k miles two weeks earlier from this same dealership, and the same sales people (Devin and Denzell). It took me forever to decide even after driving a brand new 2015 Buick Lacrosse that had just about everything my Lexus did minus the front parking sensors and the dash cam, but I can replace the dash cam later (which I will at this dealership for both my Malibu and Lacrosse). I got a Heads Up display system with forward collision alert, I got a Bose audio system, a panoramic sun roof, remote starter system, and a wifi hotspot powered by onstar. These features my Lexus didn't have. I was given multiple options, and a lot of time to decide which vehicle I wanted out of the three, the Chevrolet Impala, or the 2015 V4 eAssist Buick or the 2016 V6 Buick. I ultimately chose the 2015 eAssist V4 Buick Lacrosse based upon what I was going to be doing with the car, showing Real Estate. I was offered an unbelieveable deal too. Because this vehicle was a 2015, and was sitting in the showroom, and the 2016's were already here and more were coming, this car was priced at 35k. Originally it was 41k which was understandable. If I bought my Lexus ES 300h brand new, it would have been 47k easy. I know cars, and how to shop for the ones I like or want. So I knew I was getting a deal on this new car. Also, I was given a 2k tax credit for my Lexus, and AutoNation gave me another $800.00 off on the car, because I am a repeat buyer, and I didn't waste anyone's time. Thank you David! So I still had 1k of negative equity to deal with, and that was done by lowering my interest rate from 4.9% with Lexus to 3.9% through AutoNation Buick GMC's contacts. Can you say Credit Unions anyone? If you want great financing go see the fine people at AutoNation Buick GMC, they WILL find you a good deal, if it takes all day. They don't just use traditional banks or manufacturer banks like most dealerships do, which all charge higher interest rates, trust me I've been there. So in combination of lowering the interest rate again to 3.45%, and further dropping the price of the new 2015 Buick Lacrosse, I wrapped up my negative equity and came UP about 2k. This shows in the contract as down payment money which is true because I verified how the dealership got the numbers. So I got a brand new Buick Lacrosse, with an extended warranty, prepaid oil changes for 3 years on top of the 2 years given to you by GM (General Motors), theft protection and GAP insurance and my payments are $616.00 per month versus $647.00 a month with Lexus without the theft protection, or the prepaid maintance plans. Lexus doesn't offer standard oil changes for the first 2 years either. What's more, my Buicks engine, transmission, and final point of assembly are in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. Just like my 2011 Chevrolet Malibu. The major components of these cars are made here. Just read the window sticker, it will tell you where the major components are made. We need jobs in this country badly. I don't need Bernie Sanders or Donald Trump to "bring back the jobs" to the United States. We can all do our part by giving GM, Ford or even Fiat Chrysler a chance. Personally, I am a GM man. I loved my Lexus, but I love my country, my Buick, and the sales team at AutoNation Buick GMC even more. They also hire the veterans! Thank you again everyone @ AutoNation!
Loved the place. Delicious food. Advice for the manager: make sure noodles with beef are cooked in less than 15 minutes of waiting and that chicken is properly cooked through.
One of our favorites. Reservations are tough to get but well worth the wait!I don't want to invite my foodie friends from NY. Everything we've tried is amazing! It's quickly becoming our go to place whenever we're in town.
It looks like it is almost finished.  The greenway now extends from behind Park Rd shopping Center (breaks a little near Freedom Park) and then continues on up to CPCC.  The new section is a gem along the creek with various plazas and artwork and the animal life returning.  I walk this greenway often and often see various animals from purple martins, robins, ducks, geese, fish, turtles and even snakes.  This is a wonderful addition to the area's urban trails.  I expect to see a lot of festivals popping up in using the new section of the greenway.  There's already the Kings Drive Arts festival which will be huge in a few years.
I have known USA Collision for the past decade or so. They have always been consistent, and consistently excellent in their workmanship and long lasting results in quality.I would say body shop work is one of those things in life that last as long as you own your vehicle. To put it into perspective, from the time you get your car back after the repairs are done from an accident, and until you either sell or trade in your car, you'll know with certainty if the work was not done right.If the repairs were performed at USA Collision, I know with certainty that I will never know from looking at the vehicle, that, it was in a collision.Well done, guys!
Omg, the best ravioli I have ever had in my life. Landed up here with work colleagues. I was highly impressed with the service and food. Presentation was great and very tasty. Everyone in the party loved their food. Cream corn and prawns also excellent!
Dana is a great doctor! I usually get an appointment within 2 days & the wait is typically about 30 minutes. I love having a doctor that is down to earth, explains everything in depth & is extremely friendly!
Sad to hear that this place has possibly closed for good. Awesome little hole in the wall shaved ice joint. My favorite flavor is tiger blood and banana. This place was great during my summer pregnancy last year! The owner is friendly and seems to love what he does! You absolutely cannot not beat the prices! Try adding a scoop of ice cream in you next shaved ice!
We came to Henderson after a horrific experience at Fairway Chevrolet. Patrick was our salesman,  Joe and Tony handled the sale without any hassle. I felt I was treated with respect and honesty. We liked them and will defiantly drive the extra miles to Henderson.  Thank you guys. After being treated so poorly at Fairway I'm happy that we took a drive to Henderson. Your customer service is awesome.
Definitely a great shop. Super friendly staff, fair prices and very fast service.
Came in today around 4:50 pm and theres was 2 guys here, the taller one served me and he was SOOOOO nice! both guys are nice.. the tall guy just had great customer service. please let those guys get acknowledged for their customer service. the shorter one greeted me as soon as i came in and the taller one was super nice and talkative. they both washed their hands and the place is very clean. perfect place to eat.
My favorite brew tea great friendly service and always ask if you want to make adjustments if it's not right.
A haven on the PATH - fantastic cappuccino and nice place to sit and watch people.
Wow, what a great place to grab a light lunch! Jacob and Troy prepared an asparagus appetizer for my sister and I while we waited for our food, and served with homemade ranch! Very small bistro, unexpectedly located in Monogram's salon, but very well kept and clean. The asparagus was impeccable and delicious.I ordered the Caesar sandwich. Chicken was tender and juicy and sandwich had the perfect cheese to chicken ratio. Homemade pesto was a great addition to the meal. Everything was made fresh and Jacob really knows his stuff!
My wife and I came home from a trip to find one of the drip outlets had been running for hours.  My yard guy admitted he had no idea.  I called these folks and the next day Jake showed up.  After some looking he was not sure what caused it.  To be on the safe side I had him replace a valve that was old.  He did it well, quickly and checked everything, including all the settings.  Will definitely recommend.
Went in a few days ago and had the BEST server,  Shannon! She was so sweet and attentive! She also suggested the really yummy goat cheese app and my fiance also loved the blackened fish tacos she recommended.
We got a ton of bundtinis in addition to a small cake for our wedding. They were perfect. The guests loved them (one ate 5, at last count) and they really fit what we were looking for. Plus, we had them delivered and Jim was very patient with us and our wedding site when there was no one there to receive him/them. Plus, the delivery charge was more than reasonable. Great business, great employees, easy decision.
The Prime is a great Chinese restaurant. I have been going there maybe twice a year for several years. it is a bit of a drive, but the food is great, the service is great and it is affordable.They will also specially prepare items that are not on the menu. How many places do that.
Custom built pizza with high quality, fresh ingredients, a decent price, what else could you ask for? Oh, and it tastes really really really good!
Love this spot . I love their broth . Great service and clean restaurant I come here often to dine in or pick up food . Their pho is one of my favorites .
Fun place to get together with large groups. The food is always great. They offer a generous $10 credit on your birthday. My favorite is the fontina burger.
Rebel Auto is by far the best auto service shop in Henderson and Las Vegas! I've had my car serviced there probably a dozen times. Their prices are great, they have a free arcade to play in while you wait, and the customer service is amazing. I've recommended them to everyone I know, and will take every car I own to them, for as long as they are around. Thank you Lee and Rebel auto for being so helpful every time!!
Great pizza. My friends and I go here a lot. Good pizza, good wings, good restaurant.
Tasti was one of the first places I used to run to when I visited NYC, and I was ecstatic to learn we were getting one in Scottsdale! Mmmmm...bananas foster is the best! If your favorite flavor isn't on the daily list, you can make it for a dollar extra- which is a great option when you have a craving. I love knowing when I eat Tasti, I'm not eating a whole 600 calorie wreck like I'm sure I do at the self serve shops and honestly, Tasti D-Lites flavors taste soooo much better to me than those places too. I'm so glad trips to Tasti are now a whole plane ticket cheaper!! ;-)
I love this place. I am never disappointed in the flavor choices. I usually get overwhelmed and end up putting more yogurt in my cup then I really should.The topping choices are always fresh looking and there are lots to choose from. The price is very reasonable.
Do you ever feel all crunchy and wish someone would pick you up by the ankles and shake you out like a sheet? That's how I had been feeling before my massage appointment this weekend. Suzanne is a great massage therapist because I felt great by the time I walked out of there and I'm still feeling great 2 days later! The location is tucked away in the office complex just east of Max's gas station on the southeast corner of 12th St. & Missouri. I had a 60-minute aromatherapy massage ($80). I got to pick the scent I wanted her to use and she blended it with the coconut oil to make a custom massage oil just for me! She also put some in a diffuser and near the head rest. The scent was never overpowering. It was just right! The massage pressure was perfectly firm. While I felt relief from the tension I had come in with, I didn't feel like I had been beat up to get there. Also a nice touch, she popped a roller ball in the top of the vile with whatever was left of my "custom oil" and I got to take it home with me for a olfactory reminder of my awesome massage.Next time I treat myself to a massage, this is where I'll be going!!(PS I used a Spafinder.com gift certificate to come here. Waaay better than going with one of those chains that seem to be the dominant offering for redeeming those certificates.)
Utterly fantastic!  This place is as much an art gallery as it is a patisserie. It's a delight just to walk in and gawk at the sheer artistry of it all.  The croissants here are the best in the city. I particularly like the pecan croissant, but they are all good. Sandwiches are awesome and arrive warm without ruining the texture of the breads.  Everything is pure art.
Service is always really good, servers are friendly . Food is beyond expectations always a goto for a good comfortable spot to eat with my family when we are on Fremont.
Wow.... good food here.  This place doesn't look like much, I have to say.  And it was a bit hot inside, I can imagine as the summer warms up, so will this place.   The food did take a little while to come, and I didn't quite understand what our options were.  When we were seated, the waitstaff asked us if we wanted a menu or if we wanted the daily specials we should speak to the chef.  We didn't know what we wanted so we opted for the menu.  Those more familiar with the place seemed to understand and ordered specials which came out much faster then our cooked to order requests.  Lesson learned.  I had the chicken souvlaki dinner which was HUGE.  It came with an amazing greek salad to start and then I substituted cooked veggies for the potatoes.  For $14 it was an amazing amount of food that you could easily have shared between two people.Loved it.  Loved my leftovers.  Would definitely return.
My favorite place in pittsburgh to get whole bean coffee.  Amazing selection, daily specials, reward card, reasonable pricing.  What more is there to say??
PORK BELLY TACOS. Amazing! You have to get them - probably my favorite food in Charlotte
Excellent second car we bought here. Love our Sales man Rick Muller!  Looking for a good guy to work with ask for him. Tell I sent you
ALOHA!  I found myself in Las Vegas and in need of a massage.  Because I run a very successful mobile business on Yelp in another state, I thought to follow my instincts and turn to YELP for a mobile provider.  I called two places.  The first one did not get back to me in a timely manner.  The second one, Body Restoration, picked up on the first call!  Barbara was a joy to work with and we enjoyed a laugh as I was having a moment being the one on the other end of the transaction when I am so used to being the provider!She dispatched Becca to my room within an hour!  Wow!  Amazing follow through.  Becca showed up on time with all her equipment and ready to work!  I enjoyed my massage very much, it was needed and I love that I did not have to leave my MGM Grand Room to receive it.  Here is a tip, and not meant to be anything but a helpful tip....if you are a massage therapist, or in need of an advanced skill set, please tell Barbara this so she can send the right therapist.  In my booking haze, I did not mention that I needed a certain something and I did not get that with Becca.  However, Becca is a wonderful therapist with great healing energy.  If you need deep tissue or skilled work, ask for someone else.  I would most definitely use Body Restoration again.  Thank you!
Favorite restaurant in Charlotte... Food is amazing!! Only complaint is the size of the place... Really small so it can be difficult to get a table. Although part of the charm is that it's a mom and pop type of place.. I highly recommend it!
Just under 50 million visitors a year to Las Vegas, and so many of them no nothing about Red Rock Canyon! Granted you'll need a car, but about 20 minutes off the strip you'll find what nature can provide that Steve Wynn can't! Natural beauty that leaves you staring in wonder and listening for....nothing! It's deathly quiet out in the desert and especially so out at Red Rock! Beautiful red rock formations for the experienced hikers to even the casual novice! More importantly it's just breathtakingly beautiful and well worth stepping away from the Blackjack table for a afternoon! This southern gentleman does every time he's in Vegas!
I was very happy with Greg and GC Glass.  What I thought would be an expensive window replacement was actually a quick fix with minimal cost. Greg is honest and knowledgeable.  Will certainly call again if I have any further window repair.
The food and vibe here is outstanding. It's definitely a place where I'll be taking all our friends when they come into Madison.For starters, the fried chicken is some of the best I've ever had. If you like buffalo sauce, it's a home run. Meatballs - pretty tasty themselves, but the red sauce is magical. Entrees:The pizza sauce is perfect. While I love a good wood fired pizza, the steel pan pizza is Madison's pizza. I mean spotted cow in the dough? It's a thicker pizza with a cheese baked onto the outside of the dough. The black mushroom truffle wood fired and Calabrian sausage pizza were the two our table tried.Dessert:The only dessert currently in the place is the pizza cookie, but it's all it needs. A partially baked cookie covered with vanilla ice cream. Drool... The entire table can share it and it's a whopping $5. Get 1 per 4 people and you're set.There's a lounge downstairs, amazing beer selection, and much more I could talk about. Check it out. You won't be upset.
This place is AMAZING!!!! Excellent service, delish food.  I ordered ramen. It was the only place open past 9 on a Monday. I am so glad we came. The Ramen was so flavorful and yummy. I ordered it with the egg. Normally when I order Ramen they give me a hard boiled egg, not here! That sucker cooked with the heat of the broth....for me it was too mushy since I like my eggs hard boiled but everything was amazing... our waitress was super nice and had amazing hair! Lol.... I will be coming back, excited to taste what else is on the menu.
This guy is awesome. Brings down every ticket to a parking ticket and charges less than other attorneys. The office is kind of hidden but definitely worth looking for. $29 for my speeding ticket. Can't get any better than that!
Excellent work by sergios crew. Had them come out this morning to clean my backyard which was in really bad shape.  They made my backyard look great. Definitely recommend this company.
Love this nail salon! I've look high and low for a fabulous nail salon, it's been hard to find a place Since I've moved here from Cali.These is the spot Eric does an amazing job. I've been here twice and always leave a happy camper hands down!
My girlfriends and I came to visit Toronto and we were staying in Greek town. We decided to eat after a day of travel into town from Chicago and this place was among some of the best food we have ever eaten. We shared the spicy feta stuffed peppers which the lovely waitress recommended to eat with a drizzle of olive oil and it was divine. We had the gyro plate which was unlike American gyros with pita, but instead was served with a fresh Greek salad and lemon potatoes. We also got the lamb dinner special which literally fell off the bone because it was so tender. And we also got a sort of Greek lasagna with a rich white bechamel sauce. The service was super friendly and very attentive. We got to see the kitchen and saw everything that the chef prepared for the days specials which only made our mouths water more than they already were. Prices were very affordable as well. We left with an incredible impression and longing to take this incredible family owned business home with us.
This is really a hidden gem in Richmond Hill. My girlfriend and I were craving pasta tonight, so we resorted to Yelp and found this place in the nearby. We ordered the Penne Al Vodka and the Baked Lasagna take-out.When I got to the place, I was a little skeptical as there werent any customers. The place looked cozy and comfortable though! Got the food and brought it home. Had a taste and we were extremely impressed. This is a true definition of "You can't judge a book by it's cover". The food tasted fresh and homemade. I was so relieved that I didn't see a lot of steam when I opened the box, as that usually means the food was microwaved. I will say though, the online menu prices are outdated. The actual prices are a little more expensive (at least for the lasagna).Can't wait to try this place again.
Awesome often overlooked sushi buffet. Creative menu with lots of unique choices. Stay away from the flamingo roll thou...no bueno
Good food Great service. You get alot food..friendly service. I can never finish my breakfast. Give you so much. Clean. Good location. Love they give discount to veterans.
Great ambiance, gives a authentic but modern vibe. First time seeing such a unique and appealing design.The color coordination of the restaurant blends smoothly but stands out as well. The food is great, you can actually taste 'fresh' in all of the items. The whole staff of the restaurant is great starting from the manager to host to kitchen crew.I highly recommend this place to anyone that has seen it while driving by or browsing on Yelp.It's a must try everyone! Don't miss out!
This is an awesome, cheap family diner! Such nice people run the place and they're very good for what they do. It's basic stuff - bagel with egg and cheese, omelettes, egg salad, soup, etc. Good diner food that comes out decently quickly. The donuts are also very tasty and there is always a trivia question for a free donut if you get it right!
Workout is always changing this keeps it fresh.   Instructors are great and I like the balance between cardio and resistance.Great atmosphere and range of fitness levels from Superhero to beginner.
Hooowww have I not written a review about this place yet?! I'm dying to stand up on my soapbox! The fiance´ and I have come to Okra twice now, and both times we've sat at the bar (everyone knows the bar is the best place in any restaurant). Let me just narrow down this review to our latest experience (hub's bday - and btw, I know he's not my hubs yet, but it's way easier and a lot less annoying to type, IMO).Some highlights: the bartenders are so nice and SO talented. Their juleps are to die for!Next, the apps: you shouldn't come here if you're not planning on getting appetizers. Just turn around and go home. The Fried Chicken Skins are unreal. Think about the best part of friend chicken, and then imagine having JUST that on a plate covered in spicy honey sauce. I die.On to entrees: you can't go wrong with both styled of fried chicken. I always go for the Tennessee Hot because I like a little bit o' spice and the sauce is killer, but my hubs goes the Umbrian style (your regular run of the mill fried chicken) and it's equally delicious and fall-off-the-bone.Lastly, and truly I'm saving the best for last, dessert: You have two options: you need to either go for the pie or go for the donut...The pie is from Pie Snob (if you don't know about Pie Snob, look it up on Yelp RIGHT NOW, and then order an apple pie, and then thank me later).The donut and pure caramel heaven. It's drenched (not drizzled) in the most delectable caramel sauce I've ever tasted, with just a pinch of sea salt to top it off. *drooling*One pro tip before you come to Okra, since you're obviously making a reservation this very minute: it's a little hard to find. The sign is on 7th so you might be tempted to pull into the parking lot where it is, but you have to turn down Palo Verde (small side street) to get to it - it'll be on your left.
I had a wonderful time at this steakhouse ordering from the bar.  The bartender was attentive and offered me some wine tastes to see what would go best with my meal.There was a small mistake on my appetizer, but the one that they brought me by accident was awesome and much better then what I had actually ordered so that was great.  And they took off my first glass of wine which just shows how awesome the service is.The skirt steak I ordered was wonderful and I was almost tearful when it was gone; the side of scalloped potatoes were equally amazing.  It almost tasted like there was a hint of truffle oil.I think that they were supposed to give me some complimentary fries, but I never got any until I called up my friend to come and join me; and then I ate some of his.But I enjoyed the meal so much I didn't mind the few mistakes.If I had more time I would have come back!
They are awesome I found them on craigslist. Sean was polite and strong. His crew were also awesome and on point. Didn't just move our very heavy furniture but they reassembled it too. Priced very reasonable.
This was a great dining experience.  I had never been to one of Bobby's restaurants and I can honestly tell you that I had very high expectations.  There were met and exceeded!  Our server was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable and the food was absolutely incredible!  The appetizers were perfect, we had the ceviche and the tuna sashimi and it was great.  The drinks were pretty great too!  All in all, this was a great place that I would return to.
I came here as a young little kid with my uncle Peter in the 60s from the back door in those days he was a regular, knew the original family and he intoduced me to food decadence ,unlike the restaurants he and my dad owned in Montreal that were on the faster side luncheonettes and Diners ,Uncle Peter and I went there up until the late 70s when I would go with my dates and even my first wife. This place is a classic and I remember being schooled in the art of the Maitre D ,there was no room for error because if there was a glitch it would be fixed ,fast with I am sorries and quick replacements. Ah What a place the last  time I went there was with good old Jim S and Nico with some dates in 97 and Red Fisher of the old Montreal Star and at that time the Gazette came over as he new Jim and told us that we were the best decorated table he ever saw at Moishes . I had my usual T bone steak rare and a bunch of apps. I look forward to coming into Montreal again 1 day ,perhaps I will go to Moishes,maybe I will go with Angelo if his wife lets him. ,,true story,.
My friend and I went to eat lunch last weekend and I was amazed to taste such fresh and traditional Thai food.  Flavors were excellent and food cooked to perfection.  Their was a very sweet Thai lady serving us.  She was extremely attentive and asked us several times if the flavor and spices were okay.  I give this restaurant a 5 star because it was truly a perfect experience!
Visited this place for the first time today on a rainy Sunday afternoon. We were the only customers there, and had the pleasure of spending time chatting with Mandy. We were greeted by what must be the most cosy and homely cafe in Pittsburgh. It felt like I was walking into someone's home. The room was filled with local handmade items, freshly baked goods, and of course, an extensive tea room with every kind of tea you could want! All teas are blended in house, and they are working on using herbs grown in a community garden in Millvale in some blends! You can even sniff the tea that you want in little jars that are laid out. We spent more than an hour there relaxing, browsing through the many gifts, books, and other goodies, and enjoying our tea and cookies. They are a vegan cafe and usually have a creative food menu on weekdays. What an amazing spot in Millvale! Please visit and support this local business!
I took my parents to this location to get their drivers license renewed. We were able to get a number quickly because my dad is handicapped. We got forms to fill out and they said our number would get called in 10 minutes. Within 2 minutes of sitting down our number was called but unfortunately my parents didn't have their forms filled out. However the lady was nice and said to just fill it out and she will call us after she is done with the next person. That next person took forever but then she called us back up about 15-20 min later. Her name is Agnes. She is from Austria and has a strong accent. She was very very nice and friendly, smiling and talking the entire time with us about other things while she was processing the renewals. She is probably the nicest person I have dealt with at a DMV. We were done within an hour which isn't bad at all.
We were with our friends when they adopted a puppy and we were impressed! The employees were super helpful and walked them around to find what they would need. When we adopt, we will go here!
We had an emergency plumbing issue and our home warranty couldn't find us anyone to come on a Sunday. We had no water and couldn't shower, etc. I looked up plumbers on Yelp who were open today and they popped up with 5 stars! I called and they answered right away! They were to our house within 30 mins too. Landon and Manuel were very nice and did a fantastic job explaining everything. I would recommend them again 100%! Thanks guys!
Wow!  Everything is so fresh and pretty. It's almost not like going to the movies.  There's a patio and full service bar.  The staff is welcoming and friendly.  Loved it!
This is my favorite McDonalds store in the local area.  It's clean, the staff is particularly nice and friendly, and the wifi is very fast.  There are electrical outlets in several locations if you want to work on your laptop.You can purchase food at the counter, drive through, delivery (uber eats). So convenient!If you want to save even more money, check out the McDonalds app. There are a half dozen coupons to get a free drink, fries or cone when you make any purchase and often have buy one get one free offers. Check out the overhead board for additional regular promotions as well.I help restaurants with their social media and online reputation and think the 2-stars they currently have is totally undeserved.
Small casual atmosphere. EXCELLENT food. Best Thai food in the greater Phoenix area. The wonton soup is fantastic!!! I had a spicy beef dish with peppers and onions requested spicy and it was fantastic.
Stopped by here to grab lunch with some colleagues and it was awesome! The patio area outdoors is just delightful and cozy and it was a perfect day to eat outside. I ordered the Reuben Feffer (I think) which was an organic brown rice bowl with lettuce, black beans, cheese, and steak. It was delicious... I loved it. I would definitely come back and have it again. Great spot for lunch!
Love the fact that there is no cover charge to play, just purchase of a drink/food item. Get the lavender london fog and the japanese popcorn! great space with friendly servers and a ton of new games with legible instructions. Will be back!
Stand-out seasonal menu, great food, and great service.  Local beer menu is a plus.  House-made charcuterie and satisfying portions.  Will be back.
I decided to check out this place with a friend based off of a recommendation and i'm so glad I follow through with it! This is one of my new favorite spots. Totally worth the drive across town. Happy hour is from 5pm-6pm and the selection is great. We ordered the Calamari, Amberjake Ponzu Salsa w/ Sweet Potato Chips, Blue Crab Hush Puppies, and the Spicy Tuna TarTar w/ Waffle Fries. Everything was flavorful. Everything was delicious! Reasonable prices, delicious food, chill atmosphere and friendly employees. Cannot wait to go back!
Just ate at Moreno's for the first time. First they brought out fresh chips that are thin and warm and they come with bean dip, red and green salsa that are all good. I had a chicken tostada and a fish taco. The fish taco was served on two fresh corn tortillas and the sauce was full of flavor! Loved them both. Also at our table we had a Moreno's chicken burrito with green salsa and it was very good but the green salsa was a little spicey. We will make this a regular spot for good food at a reasonable price.
I stopped by at Prime tonight after a grueling 9 hour business meeting.  When I arrived, I was seated at a great table close to the window where I could see the Bellagio Fountain Show in the background.  After I ordered my Whiskey, I had a chance to truly appreciate the beauty of this restaurant.  The decor is very upscale, romantic and very ornate.  A great place for a power business dinner or a date.For dinner, I ordered the Butternut Squash Soup, Bone-in Rib-eye Steak, Potato Gnocchi and their Banana Tart for desert.My entire meal was amazing.  Each dish was perfectly prepared and super yummy!  If you want a great steak dinner in one of Las Vegas' most romantic places, come to the Prime!The food, fountain show and sexy decor rocks!!
This place has ruined  my view of all other Brazilian restaurants that I thought where amazing. Where do I begin the all you can eat food, I'm about to burst as I write this. All I can say for the food is I made one trip to the galleria, after that I was at the table. Why? The frequency of the carvers bringing meat to my table was ridiculously fast,How fast? as I was finishing my meat and trying to eat my side dish  I was being offered more meat. I literally never had an empty plate from the time I sat down until I finally tapped out to sit and enjoy my drink and the entertainment. The entertainment is one of the things about this restaurant that will make others seem bland. From the guitarist, to the capoeira fighters this place is an over all experience, and one I won't soon forget.
The food was delicious and the overall experience was great! I can't wait to go back!!
I'm from CA where we have many boba joints, but this one is my favorite. My 3rd time to this place and I've been to the Eastern location once. Since I discovered Brew Tea, I always pay a visit very time I'm in Vegas. Service: Fantastic. The staff here are very friendly and accommodating, even when they are busy. If something isn't right about your order, let them know and they'll fix it in a heartbeat, hassle free. They do it with a smile and apologize profusely. I appreciate businesses that own up to their mistakes, and make every effort to make it right. Drinks: The Brew Milk tea with grass jelly is what I normally get. Delicious! I have tried Jasmine milk tea, and that's great as well. My other half got the Jasmine Green tea and he liked it. Overall, great!Crepes: I've had both the classic and berry lovers with whipped cream and green tea. So tasty, I love it! Will I Return? Definitely Do I Recommend? Absolutely
The best sushi bar in the United states the service was amazing they where going to close and still late us in too have a nice dinner at the bar where we sitting the cooks where great kind and happy and made our dinner great go here 100%
Now closer to where I live! Might be a problem for me. Just opened 9/26. I picked up dinner and lunch for work yesterday. Salmon tacos w salad. Lunch I got brown rice with garlic steak. Comes with a side salad. Quick and easy. Great quality. Meal prep available and they deliver too.
This was my first time here and I will be back, I found a lot I was looking for in would highly recommend this to anyone who looking for clothes...
This is a place you can drive by 1,000 times and not think twice but, take our advice and pull in! It is completely worth it! The staff was super nice and the food is totally different than what most of Charlotte offers! Using your hands for utensils and having homemade honey wine! Great experience that will keep us going back!
Good for breakfast,  they have a dog friendly patio, kids liked the mickey mouse pancake, the breakfast potatoes are delightful and the atm5is nice, they have a train that runs along a track through out the restaurant that really entertained the kids
I visited PMI Green Valley today for an annual mammogram. From the front desk to the mammogram itself, the staff at PMI is absolutely wonderful. My tech (Emma) was patient, informative, and best of all, very personable and funny. I've had several positive experiences with this imaging center in the past but after today's visit, I can't recommend this imaging center high enough.
Beautiful and functional space, good food and drinks, friendly service. Highly recommend!
perk is great!  the food is really good and comes out fast.  the staff is the friendliest around.  there is an einstein bagel's a few doors down - why go there? honestly - i wish more people in the community supported locally owned places like this instead of chains. the money stays right here in the community instead of being shipped out of state - and god knows this state needs jobs and money!  i'd highly recommend this restaurant.
Wow this place was super nice and fancy. A lot of people stay here for their work. Everything feels very new, modern, clean, and has elegant interior design. The workers here are very friendly and always tend to your needs. All of the furniture and decorations have a very minimalist feel to them. Which is probably why I'm so drawn to this hotel. I've only had the breakfast here and it's pretty good. I only wished we got bigger cups and plates. Not a deal breaker though. The room I stayed at was very spacious, and big. We had 2 full size beds, a couch, a desk, and a big bathroom. The rooms also had a minimalist fee to them. The beds were so comfy. Once you lay down, you sink in. I slept so well there. The desk was kind of small however, and it only came with 1 chair. This kind of sucked because there were 3 people in my room and we each had to do some work in our room. The bathroom was amazing. It had a glass shower, and 2 sinks that were aesthetic af. We had a huge window that spanned the whole height and width of the room. It was a nice view and we could see the beautiful Skyline. I would definitely stay here next time I'm in town.
Great Mexican at a great price. Margaritas are awesome too. Servers are polite and service is quick. This is our go-to place for Mexican around the gaston county area.
Okay guys what the hell... did you open up the transmission and fix it or did you put the timming belt back on like just right? It's seriously never ran this great before it used to not shift gears very well at all now it drives like a dream and all you supposedly fixed was the radiator?  I don't believe it my friend. Will be back for some more of that magic touch!
The burgers and fries w/ Maine Root soft drinks are all tasty. This place has nice patio and very dog friendly. They even have dog bisquits for the dog!  Love their happy hour special pricing.
This restaurant is one of my favorites! Their pita bread is the best I have ever had... it's fluffy, light, & super fresh! The hummus of course is to die for and they have all different types as well! The flavors here are exceptional, and I could eat there food on a daily basis. The staff is also super friendly, and the vibe and atmosphere there is top notch.
Came here at around 1pm on a Friday afternoon. Not crowded at all and was seated right away. Ordered avocado egg roll for appetizer and had 'Evelyn's Favorite Pasta' as my main. Ordered my pasta from their lunch special which is just a smaller portion off of their regular menu and for this particular one, it was only $2 less than regular. However, I thought the portion was still pretty good and I even had leftovers. Our server Jesse was attentive & came back twice to fill up our drinks. Would come back.
I have a 2003 Jaguar S Type R which needed some basic break and suspension work due to the age of the car being over 10 years old.  Sean at Top Gear Motorsports recommended this shop with high confidence.  Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.  So far I have had the following done:Rear calipers re-surfaced/new padsRear suspension components (end links, bushings, tie rods)Front StrutsProblem solved a clunking sound (figured it out in less than an hour)Alignment (to my own specs, which is great)Joe always calls and explains the situation thoroughly, giving me a range of options, with absolutely no pressure.  He has never forced me to do something I didn't feel comfortable with.  He always makes sure that I leave happy and satisfied with the process.  There has never been a weird story or something that has made me feel like I was being taken advantage of, and that matters because I have a great BS meter and am a huge car guy.Also the labor rate is very competitive and i was able to procure my own parts rather than buy from Jaguar, which has saved me thousands in $$$.5 Stars, my only complaint is there is no shuttle service or car that can pick me up from work.  Great shop, highly recommended for your Jag or Euro import!!!
Delicious delicous declicous!! It is my go-to place for vietnemese food. I am never disappointed!! Yummy soups and can never go wrong with the spring rolls.
Best salon ever!! Not only do they get the job done excellently, but Ora, Keisha & Kee are so fun & make getting your hair done an experience. I love it here.
Driven by this place a bunch if times, decided to give it a try since it's right by our house. Glad we did!  The good was excellent, service was fast & friendly. Good pub-style food. Definitely would recommend it and the prices are just right!
Best cupcakes I've had from a store!  They are light and airy, not dense like some of the cupcake chains out there. Very dangerous having this place so close to my house. Love love love!!!
When I went to school at Pitt, Taiwan Cafe was one of my favorite places to eat. Their lunch specials are delicious, cheap, and filling; what more can you ask for? I'm particularly fond of the General Tso's tofu (yes, it's not at all authentic, but it's still really yummy and you can get it spicy.) Unfortunately, I moved away, but whenever I make it back to Pittsburgh, I always stop by here. And although I haven't been going to this restaurant regularly for almost two years, when I stop by on a visit, the people here still recognize me. Now that's customer service done right. So in short, there's nice people and great food, and I can't recommend this place highly enough.
My drink was delicious! I had an iced sweetheart mocha. I also had a sandwich. Really tasty!  Best of all. The nicest people! I will continue to go there!
I am not a person for Buffets unless I am in Vegas but I was totally blown away f=by this place!!! First of all just the deco of the place was one big investment as the had it all in there including the Eiffel Tower, Greek wind mill, part of china and italy. Then there was the food and since I am careful what I am eating they actually had lots to offer. plenty of veggies, 7 different types of pizza. A complete turkey which I had but they had roasts of all types. Which I was told are slow cooked over night.Chinese food was good esp. the spring rolls which I have a friend who makes and these were exactly like his.The owner gave me a complete tour of the place which seats 800+ yes 800. He told me saturday nite he is full. They even had private rooms for conference or weddings etc...Out door on the roof for the summer. Mind blowing. Everything is cook in house.I will be back.
Cucumber margaritas and guacamole are remarkableI almost always get the machaca and am never disappointedThe scallops entree is delicious, I literally could eat an entire plate of the poblano creamed corn it comes with Service is always attentiveHappy hour is always jammed so you pretty much have to be waiting at the door when they open to get a seat at the bar but the deals are worth it
There is absolutely no one with more integrity in the field of car diagnosis and repair than Hamid and his employees.  Very reasonably priced, fast and efficient service.   The shop is immaculate, with a plethora of snack and drink options that outshine the rest.  Give this place a try -- simply the best in town.
Great food and greatCustomer service.They messed up my order and when they realized they apologized and returned our money.
This place is a true gem!  Well worth the short block and a half walk from Fremont Street.. The food was delicious and surprising, more than just authentic Mexican, it was new, fresh and original.  I loved every bite.  BEST guacamole I have ever had.. We will come back again and again.  Cool casual vibe, super friendly staff, and fun atmosphere.
Spent the New Year at this place after a brutal Fiesta Bowl game.  Had a nice meal and complementary drink for toasting the new year.  Took the edge off before the 4 hour drive back to reality. Thanks.
If you come on a Friday or Saturday after 6 or 7pm, expect to have a bit of a wait. One nice perk is that they have an open table that you can stand at to enjoy your pre-dinner drinks so you don't have to crowd around those sitting at the bar. I absolutely love the atmosphere at this place with the big wood-burning pizza oven behind the bar where you can watch your pizza being cooked. They have a great selection of wines from different countries and their food options are not overwhelming, but always deliver big. When I went a couple months ago, they had caramelized brussel sprouts that they cooked in the wood-burning oven that were amazing!! I've tried many of their pizzas and haven't had one that I dislike. My favorites are the Quattro Formaggio and the Spicy Sopressata, which despite the name, is not too spicy. In the summer, a huge perk to this place is their outdoor patio. They have a couple long picnic tables and also have smaller tables along the fence. On a warm spring/summer night, it's very relaxing to sit outside and enjoy the nice weather.
I am new to Nevada and was so happy to stop into Half Price and get exactly what I needed! Got a super comfortable mattress for an unbeatable price and was in and out in less than an hour. Phil was a great help and made the process quick and painless and even had me laughing most of the time! I definitely will be recommending my family and friends!
Warning: This review contains a lot of gushing and high praise. If this sort of unabashed adulation makes you uncomfortable, you might want to turn away now. You have been warned. I HAVE NEVER HAD A BETTER BRUNCH EXPERIENCE IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  The White Brick Kitchen really knows what they're doing and I don't have even one solitary complaint (and, believe me, I'm very picky and thoroughly enjoy complaining when it's warranted - so I would if I could, but I honestly can't).  Allow me to regale you all with the delicious tale of my delightful brunch. My friend and I were fearful that we would have to wait for a table when we arrived at 10 am on a Sunday.  It was such a pleasant surprise when we were seated immediately and quickly presented with both coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is very welcoming, laid-back and cozy.  I already felt very content as I sipped my OJ, little did I know that I was about to be sky rocketed from content to off-the-charts-euphoric.  It seemed as though we had only just placed our orders for the Scotch-ish Eggs when they were set before us, as if by magic. The service was so fast that it verged on ridiculous, but the quality of the food did not suffer in the least.  On paper, the Scotch-ish Eggs sound super tasty (two panko fried soft boiled eggs, hollandaise, greens, buttered baguette and potatoes), but nothing can fully prepare you for how transcendent this dish truly is.  I am awestruck by how perfectly cooked the soft-boiled eggs were in spite of the fact that they were breaded in panko and deep fried.  I have no idea how they still manage to maintain the optimal runny yolk consistency while creating such a crispy coating on the outside of the egg; it's nothing short of incredible.  Every component of the meal was outstanding - from the dressing with a subtle hint of Parmesan on the salad to the golden brown potatoes.  I can't say enough good things about this dish, you really have to try it!I'm excited to return to The White Brick Kitchen soon to try their other dishes (if they're anything like the Scotch-ish Eggs, I am definitely in for a treat).  I loved that even though they're offering high-quality food, the prices are very reasonable.  Great spot, great staff and sublime food. You really cannot ask for more!
I love this park, and my dogs do too!It's beautiful and well maintained. Even on a busy day there's still plenty of room to walk around, exercise, or have a picnic!
Delicious. Found out about it from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. It is none of those, but it was fantastic! On the trip through Cleveland we decided to stop here. Unfortunately, it didn't open until 5pm, so we waited four hours for dinner. It was well worth the wait. We sat outside on the large patio, it was a beautiful day in Cleveland (yes, it happens). The service was very good and helpful with what to order and how large the portions are. The machaca, coffee and ancho braised beef was amazing!!! Also, enjoyed the goat cheese guac and chips. The camerones (shrimp in a garlic wine sauce) was delicious. Dessert was fried ice cream. It was fantastic. More than enough for two people and very satisfying. The machaca and fried ice cream are must orders when in Cleveland.
I have no complaints about my experience with my laser hair removal package. It was sold to me without it feeling pushy and the consultant was as knowledgeable as she was beautiful, which led to choose with confidence. I never have to wait, am always in and out. The women at the desk are always pleasant. I love the convenience of texting confirmations. Sneha is saving lives one zap at a time! They were recommended from a friend, and I've certainly told many more.
The food here was so delicious! I can't wait to come back! The space itself is tiny, but worth the cramped quarters once we started eating. The bread is great, as is the pasta. You can tell everything is made fresh, it's just so good.
The food is delicious. Everything I've ever ordered has been amazing. The dining lounge is large and clean and the service is good.
The food here was ridiculous, stupid good, whatever the cool kids are saying. Bottom line DAYUM. My wife and I wanted to try this place simply because we watch way to much of the cooking channel, and we love Bobby Flay! We did the dinner pairing. My wife had the Sophie's salad and I started with the tiger prawn tamale, yum! Main course was 16 spice chicken for my lady and I had the Ancho chilie salmon, both stellar choices! My wife had to pass on the dessert since they pretty much brought out the largest portion of chicken ever served in a restaurant. Being the gluten for punishment that I am I went in on the coconut cake, it was extremely decadent! Even though we didn't have a whole lot of interaction with our server, the entire staff worked as a team which made for a pleasant dining experience.
As a hair colouring novice, I am a little apprehensive about who touches my hair. I have been on the hunt for the perfect shade of cool ash - trying to shy away from red tones as much as possible. But no matter what salon I visited (mainly in the Durham Region), the colour always ended up having a brassy tinge to it. I set out to find someone who could dye my hair exactly like I wanted. My office recently relocated to King St. E, and I looked for a salon within walking distance - finally landing on McManus and Campbell in the Distillery district. I booked an appointment with Sharon McManus (one of the owners). She listened to my concerns and helped me pick a cool ash tone out of a book of samples. My hair looks amazing, and I can finally say that I am truly happy with the result!And as an added bonus...THEY HAVE A SALON DOG. A sweet black lab named Rita who they rescued from Mexico I believe. She is a sweetheart who roams around the salon looking to be petted and will occasionally sit on your feet as you're getting your hair washed. The prices are also very fair... I have long, thick hair and after tax my full head of colour comes to $90.  Definitely worth a visit!
Live downtown and there isn't a lot of option for good food and coffee without all the fuss. Found this gem. Easy to deal with, amazing good food and reasonable prices. Super convenient and one of a kind downtown.
I don't think words can describe how much I love Brew Tea Bar! What makes it even better is that it's only a couple minutes away from my house! I literally go here every day, it's pretty embarrassing..On my first visit, I ordered the Honey Milk Tea with honey boba and pudding, which was alright. I also tried their caramel slushy (I don't' know exactly what it's called) but it was waaaay too sweet for me. My boyfriend then introduced me to my favorite drink, Hokkaido Milk Tea with honey boba (also good with grass jelly) !!! I'm so in love with this drink, you have no idea! It's all I ever get and I refuse to drink anything else, because it's THAT good. If you like milky drinks like I do, then I highly recommend getting the Hokkaido Milk Tea! I recommend trying their crepes as well!Not only is their boba perfect, but they also have excellent customer service! I love how they are willing to adjust your drink to your liking. I also love how the employees remember me and my boyfriend! We come here so often that sometimes they give us a large instead of a regular drink, which is AWESOME!This place just has really chill vibes and a friendly environment. I don't think I'll ever go to another boba place, because this is honestly the best one we have in Vegas.
Wow! I called this company based on these positive reviews and I was not disappointed. It was the first time in ten years of homeownership that I had to call an electrician. Grateful I haven't needed one before, but pleased with the service!I called on a Friday, mid afternoon. I spoke with Andrea and let her know we were having an unknown issue with something in the pool area. I asked for Saturday service, but she said the next two Saturdays were booked. I was ready to scoot off the phone, but she then asked if the next hour would be a good time for the servicemen to come out. I was stunned that they were able to come out so promptly and diagnose the issue. It luckily turned out to be a minor issue and the cost was less than $150.00. They didn't charge a rush fee, didn't try to upsell, got to business and got the issue resolved. Dennis and crew were professional and efficient. Our pool pump had been inoperable for months. We were having out of town guests in and didn't want them to see our discolored water and stagnant pool, but problem solved. Our guest also complimented the pool. Yaay.Thank you very much!
This is my favorite happy hour place in all of Madison! It can be a little pricey for dinner, but their happy hour is perfect! They have an amazing list of their cocktails, beer, wine and their incredible seafood for insanely cheap. It is comparable with Sardine's happy hour for their oysters, but Tempest has much more to offer than just oysters. I would recommend trying all of their food offers. They are each delightful in their own way. The atmosphere is lovely- simple, elegant, transports you to a warmer climate with their ocean-esque decor. This is truly a hidden gem in Madison.
So far I just ordered over the phone EXCELLENT Customer service by Jeffery! Can't wait till the food is here. Another review coming soon !
I only have one complaint about nami. If you order brunch togo, they have no system to handle it and you can end up waiting in line for your pick up for about 10 minutes. Other than that, everything is phenomenal. Their pastries, great. Their coffee bar, great. The soy-namis, are a vegan blizzard alternative that are way better imo. If you are vegan or vegetarian this is a must, and soon to be your regular spot. Please come up with a system to continually call out for your to go people though, thanks!
Came here yesterday with a group of 5 for their 2000s R&B/Hiphop partaaay! Great atmosphere & great music reminiscent of the good ole high school/college days :) Some friends went to their 90s R&B/Hiphop event a few months back & enjoyed it too so go check that out! I want to come back for a flamenco show. Anyways, my 5 stars has to do with the set-up of this place. (Note: I've been here once before for post-dinner dinner since the fattie in me got hungry again. Ate their chips/guac & Sonoran dog & it was good. Get it if you like dirtydogs). As I was saying, the set-up is nice because the outdoor area allows you to enjoy the food while having an audible conversation, but if you're curious about the live band/DJ/show or want to just vibe with the music you can sneak inside and grab a drink by the bar. And perhaps you like what you're hearing and want to dance it off ... the dance floor is yours! Our cover charge was $5 at the door for guys/girls ($3 if purchased online), I'm not sure if that's always the case. I REALLY liked that they have these "bleacher seats" extended across the back wall so if you're tired from dancing or maybe you don't like to dance at all but just want to enjoy the music, you can just chill back there without having to  pay for a table or deal with all the inconveniences of a swanky club.  Big plus for all you ladies in heels who need to rest your poor little toes!*Parking: Plenty of metered parking and lots.. use them! I thought we snagged a great non-metered spot for free on the side street, but it was a fail & I got a parking ticket for being too close to a fire hydrant :( So watch yourself!
Amazing! This place has the freshest tuna tataki I've ever had. All of their appetizers I had and all the roles we ordered tasted amazing and fresh. This is probably the only time I can say I don't have a picture to post specifically cause I ate my food too fast
Had a date night with the wife recently and decided to try Momocho from a recommendation of a friend.I saw all the reviews and decided to go with the Guacamole sampler.   We got an original, crab, and pineapple habanero as our choices.  Original was just regular old plain guac.  I wouldn't get that again.  Not with so many different choices to choose from.  Next, the crab didn't do it for me.  My wife liked it, though.  So if you don't like seafood in your guac like me skip the seafood options.  My favorite was the pinapple habanero.  Simply outstanding.  Next time I may opt for just 1 guac and some salsas.My wife ordered the pork carnitas and I had the hanger steak.  Both meals were completely cooked to perfection and was more than enough food for dinner.  Heck, the guac was more than enough.I ordered coffee and jalapeno bread pudding for dessert.  Coffee made with cinnamon and brown sugar?  Was amazing.  The bread pudding had the jalapeno taste without the bite.  Was also to do for.  I highly recommend it.They tell you when you make the reservation that your experience will last about 2 hours.  That was spot on.  We didn't feel rushed.  Nor did we feel it was too slow.  We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will easily go back.  The best part was I didn't spend as much as I thought I would.  So its very reasonable.
For fans of Basik Cafe or the Hawaiian acai bowls, this is the place to come. Great selection, plus ability to add extra toppings. My favorite is the North Shore bowl with added cocoa nibs and bee pollen. Perfect for a hot day
The Bronze Cafe' is my favorite little gem in town!  From the chef,  the staff and food you will never be disappointed!  Everything is made Fresh with the highest quality products!  I have dined in,  taken out and catered and without fail each time was phenominal! You will never be disappointed!  They offer GF, Veg, Vegan, Healthy and homemade.. try a sandwich or make a sandwich into a salad.. the "bizzness" is YUMMY and the vegan "cheescakes" are to die for! Make sure you try this little cafe' that will surely become your favorite place too!
Food - YES! Not much on the bar part; but the care taken for the preparation of our food today was unparalleled. I ordered the catfish special today - panfried to excellence, the coleslaw (homemade, not outta plastic container) was extraordinary. Also ordered were the open-face turkey sandwich and turkey sliders - reports were great on them too.We will be back for the food for sure.
We had a great dinner here last night. From the calamari app to salad soup dessert it was wonderful. There were 5 of us we sat in the front area. Service was wonderful as was Brianna who made it all special. Thank you Casbah and staff for a lovely night.
I have been going to the museum since I was little, and I've been completely spoiled by it! I've visited many other museums but nothing can rival it, the modern art collection is superior to the Tate Modern, the antiquities selection (especially the armory) is better than the Louvre. The CMA benefits from great editing, every room flows from one to another and every piece is beautiful and selected for a reason. You don't have to fight through the crowds in order to see pieces, and there's a relaxed feeling- you can come and go as you please and take the time necessary to truly appreciate an amazing collection.
Okay can this shop be any cuter?!The staff were so happy, and nice!The cupcakes were amazing! I had a cannoli cupcake and it was the best thing I've ever had in my life! Cannolis are my life!! Growing up Italian I love me some cannolis but a cupcake cannoli?! Holy moly! I would recommend this to all my friends and family!I need these cupcakes when I have a wedding!!!
Nice little restaurant, very clean delicious food! I Recommend to anyone that enjoy healthy and exotic food
Absolutely fantastic. John was able to get a broken key out of my car and handcut a new key in minutes. All at a very reasonable price. I highly recommend them.Bill
Tasty authentic Caribbean food. The staff ensured a great experience. You could tell the ingredients were fresh. Highly recommended
Had dinner last night there with my boyfriend ! We both had the specials which we should have shared !So delicious we didn't ...thank you Chef Habby for amazing dishes once again ! Maria for your outstanding cream puffs & cheesecake ...A must try in the Fountain Hills area ...Open Tues through Sunday night !Gasper & Maria put so much love into this restaurant & always make you feel like family !Also great happy hour in bar area :)
Excellent Thai food. I had the red curry with duck and my wife had the spicy noodles. Both were great. Very fast service too. Definite recommend this place while downtown.
Absolutely fantastic. It was our first visit and our server made some great recommendations. Highly recommend the Devils Advocate as a cocktail. The ribeye was awesome and the sushi was incredible. Don't miss out on the sticky ribs and the duck confeit fried rice.
The service was excellent! Try the stuffed pork chop it was amazing. Ask for Tracy he took great care of us. For the dessert try the chocolate caramel souffle it was delicious.
This building in the heart of the "18b" arts district in Downtown Las Vegas may be the saving of culture in the city. This two story building situated on the corner of Charleston and main st. echo a past of Vegas as well as carving out a unique future for the art community of Las Vegas. As the heart of First Fridays, a collective of usually 10,000 people every first Friday of the month, it serves as the standard for whats happening in Art. There is always some controversy, and always fantastic art. This is a must do in Vegas.
You have to try this place out if you love Mediterranean food and if you are REALLY hungry. Yes come here really hungry because the portions are huge! There is a small market that is attached to the small dining area. It's not too pretty but don't let that stop you from trying out their food! We stopped by for dinner and it was starting to get busy when we arrived. There aren't too many tables but they were definitely doing their best to clean them as soon as people were done. We were helped right away and menus were given to us. They have sandwiches and a ton of entrees to pick from. We decided to order one shish kabob, one gyro plate, and a chicken schwarma plate. My chicken schwarma was delicious! It came with a ton of chicken, hummus, delicious basmati rice, and a piece of pita. My husband had the shish kabob plate and the also came with rice, grilled vegetables, and a side salad. He also had a small guava drink for $3.50 (no refill) but it was well worth it.Each plate was priced about $10 each. We spent about $45 and were there about an hour. Portions are really big and so we still had food leftover. I would definitely be back to try the chicken schwarma in the sandwich style.
Loved this place! I'm a Las Vegas resident and my regular sitter went MIA last minute. I called Love & Care Sitters less than 24 hours before they were needed and a great sitter showed up the next afternoon. Our sitter was extremely punctual and professional. She sent me pictures throughout the afternoon to keep us updated. The price was a little more than what we were used to, but hey, you get what you pay for and they were definitely worth it. Will use again!
Taco Tuesday!? Los Taquitos is my favorite Ahwatukee Taco Tuesday joint.  Whether taking out or dining in, you head to the register to order and pay. The line can get long sometimes, but it is worth the wait. However, I typically call my order in a head of time to try saving some time.Depending on my mood, I enjoy their burritos and tacos.  Their fish tacos and pollo tacos are my favorite! At the counter, they have a few different salsas to add some additional flavor to your meal.I guess Guy Fieri had an episode of DDD here!
What a hilarious situation. My friend from Belgium won $100 gift card for Gus about 2 years ago and he's been traveling the world with it in case he made it back to Montreal. Last week we both ended up in Montreal at the same time and we're able to use the beat up voucher. The meal did not disappoint and the restaurant was charming along with the staff. We ordered the surf and turf for two for $79 and that alone would have been enough food for us. The scallops were great. The shrimp was great. The meat was great. A little thick on the sauce for me but my friends loved it.We also ordered the horse tartare which I wasn't crazy about and the Caesar salad with caviar on top. Now that was a delicious salad and there was such a large portion of caviar.We didn't save room for dessert but somehow we ended up with a piece of blueberry cheesecake in front of us and it was one of the best pieces of Cheesecake I've ever had. Very light and a blueberries were a special variety from Canada. Overall a fantastic dining experience. I recommend sitting at the bar and being part of the open kitchen. Thanks to all the staff at Gus for a great last night in Montreal!
Good FolksGood FoodGreat Place to Eat and Meet FriendsBreakfast is Great.Try their Steak & Eggs. Steak is very tender and flavorful.
The fried chicken is perfect- very crispy and the flavor of the coating is great. The bbq sauce on the side is just the right amount of sweet. The collard greens and mac and cheese that came with my dish (the "Late Night") were awesome as well. The pre-meal biscuits with jam and rosemary butter was 10/10. I really enjoyed being in a restaurant where the music also isn't loud and you don't have to shout over one another to have a conversation. Friendly and timely service to top it off. Overall, an excellent place, highly recommend!
Coffee is coffee and I love coffee. This place is super cute, warm, inviting and spacious. Just like an other coffee shop around. Lots of varieties of drinks and treats to pick from.
I attend these every year and wouldn't go a year without going.  We went 4 of us this time and had a fun time again.  Tons of food choicesTons of booze choices Tons of dessert optionsLots of hot sauces available for saleSO Many options!  BEST food this year was:Hawaii's restaurant - Beef ribs over rice with crispy onion OMG!!!! This is the only business card I took as I would order catering for sure from them.  Lawaia Poke Bar - www.lawaiapoke.com Sorry I don't remember the restaurant names that I will mention below.Best dessert was the Lemon Rum cupcakes and the Pineapple rum cupcakes! Indian food not so good so don't waste your time trying it.Jerk chicken was ok.Filipino food was delicious but terrible service.  Too much staff "working" there and not enough helping hands.The spicy pickled asparagus and olives were amazing!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND for you, your love, your friends and family to go.  Something for everyone!
What can I say, these guys did an incredible job! I've been let down by a lot of carpet cleaning companies in the past. Fortunately, that's not the case with Noble.  They showed up on time, were very respectful when doing the walk through and made my carpets and tile look brand new! They're also veteran owed and operated which you can definitely their work. Give these guys a shot, you won't be disappointed!
NEW LOCATION. The original Miele's was in Tempe but recently moved to Mesa. (I didn't realize that when I called in my order so ended up going to the wrong location at first.) The Miele's that is still operating in the Tempe location is a totally different restaurant, not affiliated with the original. A bit confusing to customers? Indeed. And I don't think it's right for the fake Miele's to be piggybacking on the original Miele's reputation and essentially stealing its customers. But I digress. The REAL Miele's, now in Mesa, still has the same menu and lunch bargains that I have enjoyed for years, and they apologized profusely and genuinely for the location confusion. I loooove their garlic knots, lasagna, salad, and house dressing. Miele's in Mesa...I'll be back!
Sales-Adora Fryant I have now bought or leased 6 cars from this dealership, all from Adora. My most recent experience was unplanned as my car was totaled in a rear end collision. The first thing Adora did when she heard was offer any assistance she could that was NON sales related. She was genuinely concerned for my well being as a friend which was highly appreciated. She knows her product and does the best job of getting to know you, the customer. There is never a sales pitch. She's honest and thorough and will work her tail off to get you the best price possible. Trust me as I have never been one to pay a penny more than I have to. Patience, integrity, and incredibly thorough answering any and all questions. Excellent follow up after the purchase.
We really had a good week here recently! We arrived in town early on a Sunday, checked in (surprisingly short line!), but rooms were not ready yet as they had had a busy weekend. No problem, we checked our luggage and went to get something to eat. We checked back in at the desk and were given our rooms (we always upgrade to GO Rooms), and shortly after that our luggage was brought up to us! The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were very nice, cleaned daily and always while we were out. I loved our view, best we've ever had in countless trips to Vegas. The bed was very comfy. We even had a fridge in our room! There are plenty of elevators in this hotel and you can use different ones to get quicker access to different parts of the hotel/casino. We loved meeting for breakfast on the patio in the gardens where we would sit with a muffin and coffee and plan our day. The pool was nice too. We did not get a car due to traveling with a group this time so it was nice to be so centrally located with access to everything we wanted to do. We tried the new Carlos N Charlies' restaurant and it was good. We also like the food court, very handy with plenty of options. Our only complaint was with the restaurant, while the food & service were pretty good the problem was when it was time to leave we had to wait in a long line to pay our bill! They could have used a few more staff people to expedite this process.
My dad and I went to deluca's for breakfast while we were in Pittsburgh. We had heard that deluca's was very good, we also heard that it was always hard to get a seat. When we got there the line was just coming outside the door a little so we didn't expect much of a wait, but when we got there their was no wait. We were seated almost immediately at the front counter. I got the banana split hot cakes while my dad had the Pittsburg slam. My food was delicious, my dad also enjoyed his meal. The only thing that I could see as a problem is that a party of 3 or more would have to wait a while for seating.
First time here and won't be the last. Food and service was great. Definitely recommend if you're in the mood for Cajun
Found this restaurant through Yelp. Really good catfish and excellent service. Must try!
Been meaning to write this for few weeks. This is the real deal barber shop. Stop in and forget about it! I had many comments that it was the best cut I've had in quite some time. Old school barbers laying the barber law... Take notes amateurs!! Neal thank you!
This place reminds me of my grandmas cooking when I go visit her in Mexico. Cheep prices for great food. There is little shops around so you can go shopping around once your done with your meal. Restrooms are kept clean, tables and chairs are always clean. The employees are amazing and sweet to all. This place is the place to go if you want real Mexican food in chandler!!
I have used Oasis Springs for several projects and each time they have been reasonably priced, arrive on time each day of the project, communicate with me if any delays are expected. Best of all they complete the project correctly and completely. I highly recommend them for all your contracting needs.
I cannot say enough good things about this place! Not only is the location awesome, but the service and food is impeccable. You feel as if you are in a hip downtown city like LA, NYE, or Seattle. The cacio e Pepe pasta is my favorite. We will be back as much as possible.
Ohh, Las Vegas. "Kid-friendly" doesn't generally come to mind when you think of Sin City, but clearly that moniker was developed before the brand new My Gym Children's Fitness Center  came to town! The new gym is in Henderson near Whole Foods...(The old one, btw, is closed and this new one is under different ownership/management!)The facility itself is so fresh and so clean... My young daughter can run around barefoot and not walk away with black soles on her feet or grime on her hands, and it's the only children's facility I've been where they use only organic, natural products to clean their equipment (and it doesn't smell hippy dippy). In addition to a safe, clean place to play, the program is FANTASTIC. The teachers, Jeremy and Ben, pack so much into an hour...! It's definitely not a free-play sort of place (you should expect to do everything with your child if they're under 3), but I wouldn't *want* it to be; we love singing and dancing together at circle time, trying out the different tumbling skills, and climbing together on equipment together. I feel like a little kid again, haha.Best of all, they offer free trial classes. I definitely plan on coming back with a friend or two so we can take class together. :)
Work in the Phoenix area my co-worker was feeling like chinese food and I found this place by accident. The food is really flavorful and good. The customer service was amazing and the wait time and delivery were way faster than projected.
Delicious food just visiting the area for work and found this great vegan friendly place. That would be nice if they made their way out to Maryland/D.C.
FINALLY... REAL POUTINE IN AZ!!!!!! I tried poutine in Canada and fell in love with it but haven't had authentic, delicious poutine since coming back to Az. Food is great, service was fast and friendly and the place is REALLY, REALLY cool inside. Big fan... I'll be back!
Went here after seeing a positive review in Phoenix magazine. Did not disappoint ! We had the chorizo and black bean queso - seriously, possibly the best appetizer I have ever had. We both ordered rather eccentric sounding main dishes. I actually was presented a different meal than I had asked for, but when I tried it, it didn't matter! Everything about this place is great - the indoor seating area is small but great furniture and chandelier gallery. The outdoor area is nice too. Staff friendly and timely. Definitely coming back again.
Some people have difficulty grasping the concept of Planet Fitness. It's just high quality fitness equipment geared at getting you in shape. No glitzy smoothie bars or aerobics classes for ladies to get all dressed up trying not to sweat. The attendants are pleasant and readily answer questions. The Lunk Alarm can be a little irritating but you overlook that after awhile. Keep doing what you do Planet Fitness because I'm a fan!
Really yummy sushi. We've been twice now and only orders off the regular menu.  The sushi is really good and their special roll deal makes it super reasonably priced.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing and overall enjoyable.  We have liked everything we've ordered and this will probably be our sushi spot from now on.
We were very pleasantly surprised with the care and service that we received at Express Auto Spot. My daughter needed to buy a new car, Jason was more than helpful, mannerly, and truly cared about the entire transaction. He explained everything, and answered my daughters millions of questions. After all was said and done, it was a very fair price for a car and he made sure we were completely happy before we left there. I would recommend going there if you want a no pressure, fair, car sales experience. It was a pleasure and what's more, the car lot is indoors, that means no AZ heat!  Thank you Jason, this was great!!
Absolutely delicious! This was my first time here (or having a poke bowl in general) and it's similar to like a chipotle or subway where you tell them what you want in your bowl. My friend had the sushi burrito and it looked amazing. Fresh ingredients and quality tasting fish. I devoured my bowl and I'll definitely be back. Also the place is very clean and has modern interior design which is pleasing to the eye. If you're hesitant about coming here or even trying poke, don't be.
Delicious small bite tacos, amazing salads with so much flavor and the drinks are spot on. We would highly recommend!
Hidey ho!  Hot dogs and wet fries.  By wet, I mean with gravy.  If you're in Pittsburgh, you already knew that.
Just had a wonderful experience at T & M Automotive today.  The staff was courteous and friendly.  I needed brake fluid today and would not hesitate to return to them for any unforeseen automotive problems when in Vegas.  I might also add the bathroom was very clean which I appreciated.  Being an out of Towner anywhere, it's always a scary feeling when something is wrong with your car. The numerous positive reviews encouraged me to go to T & M and I'm glad I did!
Recommended by a local and co-worker. "Don't let the wait scare you" she said. Apprehensive by her comment, I rolled in solo at noon on a Wednesday. I was seated immediately. The wait staff speaks in French and English. They were overly  nice and accommodating. I ordered the Soupe de jour -yummy culinary concoction with sausage AND "the Cubain". A hot toasted flat bread with sliced seasoned pork, perfectly selected melted cheese and pickled mayonnaise. Delicious beyond delicious. Bon appetit!
Riddle Room is easily my favourite board game cafe in Toronto. They have a wall full of board games and the staff there are really engaging and teach you through them. It's relatively cheap as they only require you to purchase a drink and you can stay however long you like. They also have video console games!I've tried one of their escape rooms before, and the experience was definitely worth the price I paid.  I believe there are 5 in total and I will have to come back and try them all.
From NYC, so after a long day of walking. My BF and I decided to rest, drink, and eat at this pub. Honestly, there is nothing to complain about the service was on point, the pub was clean and had a rustic European look to it, and the drinks were reasonable size and price (they have HH from 4-7). The food was actually fresh and super good for pub food. Vegetable Gyoza had a very unique taste to it, the peanut sauce was a little spicy and thick, which I was dipping my fries into it. Dragon Wings are a must to get, these wings were spicy and a good portion, the meat was super tender and not over, which they'll make your mouth water. For those that do not eat meat, I highly suggest trying the Marinated Olive, Hummus and Taramasalata Plate. It was super good and flavorful. You will not be disappointed stopping into this spot.
Came here because I wasnt feeling well. The admin was sympathetic and waited to charge my co pay until after I had seen the doctor. I was seen within 10 minutes by the nurse. About another 10 minutes or so later I was seen by the Doctor. What a lovely, caring woman. She was honest and stated what she assumed the issue was but said because they didnt have the proper equipment (Cat-Scan) to check me and know for sure that I should go the ER. She waived my co-pay and I took her advise and went straight to Summerlin hospital. Thank you for your honesty, attentiveness and kindness. You are appreciated.
Fav HK diner for dinner in my books. Usually I brace myself for disappointment at HK diners because they're not known for their service or their quality of food, but this one made me question if I was dreaming. Service was very fast and staff are friendly. They close at 10 and we were staying because the show on their tv ends at 10. We hurried to get our bill but they were like, that's ok the show isn't over, feel free to stay. Like how nice is that! Dishes came promptly too, meaning that the dishes were hot when they arrived. Yay! Decor is... Well, let's just say this isn't a place you'd want to set a candle lit dinner. But I mean it's a HK diner so what were y'all expecting? OKAY SO THE FOOD. Cheap, and big portions! I love that they have enough toppings for my udon. Actually, they gave a lot and I'm so glad. Their fish in cream sauce on rice was great and very cheesy. My fav! Also, their pork and chicken chop with garlic sauce on rice qas great too. The sauce wasn't too strong. It was aromatic and delicious. But lemme tell you about the satay chicken udon I had. Oh my goodness. So many toppings and they had strips of green and red pepper to help complicate the taste. The noodles weren't oily. You could actually taste the gusto the chef put in when he was cooking this delectable dish in his wok. Oh my gosh. Definite 5/5.And then! We had free dessert! It was my fav. I have to say, this is a very unique recipe of coconut sago and I love it. This coconut sago has taro chunks and egg. The egg was the truly unique bit because it actually made the dessert feel smoother and it made the whole thing more aromatic. Usually I despise taro with every fibre of my being but not today! My mom even said this may be the only time I did not puke at taro. My dinner was $9.50, came with a hot drink (I chose lemon water), a soup (I chose cream of veg but they also have Chinese soup), and if you're lucky, a dessert. What a deal, especially with the amount of food i got! If you're a skeptic of HK diners like I am, please come to this place for dinner. It will change your mind. I will definitely come back. I mean this isn't my first time here, lol.
I love Angie as a person and as a small business aficionado.She's super accommodating for the last minute custom tan. I truly love the tan she provided me. This was my first custom tan & I'm not sure I could ever go back to just standard spray tan.  There were no lines, no drips, nothing negative about the spray at all. Plus Angie's attention to detail is what keeps spots from being darker or lighter than they should be. Just follow her instructions & you will be able to sustain the airbrush for up to 10 days. MOISTURIZE!!! & it will be so awesome. I got the booster to upgrade my base i had been working on. I got tons of compliments. I have another appointment scheduled for my post wedding party in Minnesota. Can't wait.
This is the coolest indoor playground I've ever seen.   A lot of things to keep the kids busy (trampolines for kids, zipline for kids, swings, slides galore) and all clean, bright and sturdy.  Plus a toddler area for the littlest ones.  It's a great place to have play dates so the kids can play while parents relax.   Socks are required for both parents and kids but if you forget you can buy some there.
I was there for the first time yesterday.  I received a gift certificate for my birthday from a friend that has gone here for years.  I was EXTREMELY impressed!!  She did not try to fight my calick to go a different way, she cut my hair to lay as it normally does.  It took no more than 25 - 30 minutes for a consult, wash, cut and style. I love the cut and my husband even loves it.  (this from a man that never gets excited about my haircuts)  I will be going back!!
Best BBQ place in town. Great meat quality for the price. I stopped coming due to terrible services from waitresses. Now, they have a new manager and he is great. Also, their waitresses got 100% nicer so we enjoyed very much!!!
My sister in law ordered food catered from here for my moms 80th birthday.I was visiting from California and I love Thai food and Chinese food and eat lots and have had lots of different places.The Orange Chicken and Egg rolls were very good.Actually great.As was the fried rice and noodles.I have had better Satay, but this was good  and I judge for overall eating experience and this one was so good.There was so much good food and they delivered and really laid out the spread very nice.I don't eat Broccoli but the beef and broccoli looked very good.What made my day and I crave for all the time was the peppered beef and the best Pork that I have ever eaten in my life I really don't know the name but is was a breaded pork that was a little bit spicy and the BOMB!I mean the Bomb.I love Spicy..I can't wait till I go here in person and I will take some of that pork and put in freezer and take back to California with me.I will be coming here and eating this awesome food.I would recommend this food to be catered at a party to anyone .Your party will be a hit..Right on!Bring your awesome place to Cali..I love your food and could not get enough..EAT HERE WHEN IN LAS VEGAS.GREAT THAI AND CHINESE FOOD.....
C & Dubbs has been a go to place for many many years starting off in a small barn looking building which was very small with few seats and not much time to move around.  Then moving into a plaza with a larger dining area.  For those of you that are not aware this is the home of the infamous Sumo Burger and Super Sumo Burger.   The names of the burger should speak for them selves but in case they don't let me sum it up for you....INSANE.  The Sumo Burger is 1 lbs of meat and the Super Sumo is 1.5 lbs of meat.  Not only are these burger massive but they taste amazing also.  Its massive and super messy and super hard to eat.  A good burger is a messy burger.  Well that's what I say at least.  I have visited C & Dubbs many times but my last visit i realized I had never reviewed it.  On my last visit of course I had the Sumo Burger but I shared the fries as the burger and a whole plate of fries would have been way to much for me.  Burger was super juicy and tasty.  Dripping with goodness.  Fries were super crispy and tasty.  Seeing as I always order the Sumo Burger when I visit C & Dubbs i think next time i'm going to step out of the box and order something else that is on their great menu.  ALERT !!!!! Mississauga and Etobicoke and all surrounding areas C & Dubbs = Great charbroiled burgers.  Make sure to visit you wont be disappointed.
AccuTemp Refrigeration was the third company I called for a repair quote for my A/C unit which quit working back in October.  I had been told previously that my current unit was undersized so I expressed interest in possibly getting a new unit instead of repairing the old one.  The technician who came out was on time and after assessing the situation recommended that given the relatively young age of the my current unit and smaller duct size, that repairing the unit was probably the best way to go.  I really appreciate the honesty and not trying to sell me anything I didn't need.  On top of the professional service they also ended up with the most affordable.  I will definitely be using Accutemp next time I have an A/C issue.
Pizza was delicious. We got Getham, Truffle and Veggie. All were on point! Great bar as well.
I had the best experience here. I went here a couple weeks ago on a Sunday. They were the earliest place that opened, so I came in with my two young daughters. I had Cindy and my daughter had Kelly. They did such an amazing job! They were very nice and Cindy gave me a suggestion on a design. My nails are natural and I like the gel manicures for protection. She did a beautiful purple tip with an ombré and glitter. They were amazing. Unfortunately I totally forgot to take pictures. Friday, I went back to my old nail place because I had a gift certificate that I wanted to use up. They completely butchered my nails. I literally was in tears, because of the pain from the harder than normal grinding. Also the 20 times of being put under the light after every screw up. I knew there was no amount of fixing that would make it right, it really just kept getting worse. (And yes, I was the dummy that didn't get up and walk out. I was trying so hard to maintain composure and just hope that it turned out ok).So... Sunday I went straight back here. I explained what happened and they were so very nice. Cindy was busy, so I went with Julia (I believe that was her name). She was very attentive and careful. She did a beautiful job. Bottom line, I vowed never to go anywhere else again.
Great experience, great service, delicious food. Our server Alec was great and very attentive. I'll be going back when in town.
We went during restaurant week and boy did we make the right decision or what! This place has some amazing food you can get in charlotte. Right from the drinks till desert, every item hit home run for us. The mussels in white wine and scottish salmon dish was absolutely delicious. Our server was not that friendly but who cares about the server when you are in food heaven.
After checking in and having a few issues, the staff upgraded me and put in the best suite I've ever been to in Vegas. It has everything you need plus its fly! Keenan the concierge man was so helpful in getting everything situated. I have stayed here on my last few trips to Las Vegas and I dont see that changing anytime soon. Good stuff, Palms Place!
Totally amazing! Never painted a day in my life! Was fun, laid back and heck, who doesn't like a nice glass of wine while painted your latest master piece!!
Andrew has done my taxes for the last 3 years based on a friends recommendation.   The first couple of time he helped me navigate through some serious financial issues I had made in my early years.  The outcome was very favorable thanks to his excellent advice.  This year he really came through for me and my family, and it took less time the the previous years and emailing back and forth made things very convenient.   Thank you andrew for the excellent work!
Where do you go for some off strip sushi to die for? "I Love Sushi" of course. I didnt know what to expect especially from a place called I Love Sushi, let alone it being located in a strip mall. Boy we're we surprised. This place was huge and had about 20 sushi chefs working behind the counter. The place was packed on a Tuesday night. I think the place seats about 200 easily. Wow. The food was awesome. AWESOME. The rolls were about $12-15 each but boy were they worth it. I guess one of the gimmicks of this place is the names of the rolls. Screaming Orgasm, Taste Like My Ex Girlfriend, Fat A$$ Special, and so forth. Regardless about the name, the flavor was top top notch. This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat at. Even though the names and description mention "special chef sauce", they are all different sauces that are highly recommended by the sushi chefs. I read somewhere there was a total of 81 chefs that are employed there. Here's a list of rolls we had:(Check out the pictures I added to the I Love Sushi page. Warning: May cause a craving for some Sushi!)Jackpot Roll - I dont remember the exact description but its a fried tempura roll with spicy mayo sauce.Spider Roll - Soft Shell CrabScreaming Orgasm - Seared Tuna in chef special sauceFat Ass Roll - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, white tuna, crab meat, avocado, deep fried panko, spicy mayo, hot sauce & eel sauce.I Love Sushi Special - Spicy tuna & cucumber topped with tuna & spicy special sauceDouble D roll - Raw Salmon and tuna on a roll and then into the yummy sauceDragon Roll - Lotsa lotsa Unagi.Baked Scallop Mushroom
The prices are as posted. $10 tip the norm at these parlors. It's definitely worth it and I'll keep coming back when I'm in the area.The tables were clean and the masseuse constantly changed the towels and the water. The background had piano music and pretty quiet.
One of the best NY style pizzas in the city.  Location is not much to look at on the outside, but very clean and fresh on the inside.  Plenty of parking.
Was a little skeptical the first time I came in so I am updating my review as I have been back multiple times, the ethiopian food is soo on point its rediculously good! The service is ultra casual and chill. This place is by far my favorite ethiopian restaraunt, and I highly reccomend it. The spice is perfect n the raw beef is delicious! Worth your hard earned $. My wife says she looves the cabage dish!
Sean took care of us & recommended the best martinis in town. This place is classy & a good time! Thanks Sean!
We were honestly headed to Applebee's and came in here on a whim. It wasn't busy and we were seated right away. Our server, Crystal, was attentive and served our drinks within minutes of us sitting. I ordered the meatloaf plate with a cup of broccoli cheddar soup instead of the vegetables. My fiancé got the Holy Davoli Burger with a side of fries. The soup was so delicious... I could have ate only that. It was creamy and full of nice pieces of broccoli. Then the meatloaf came and WOW! Juicy, tender, full of flavor! Comes served with mashed red potatoes and brown gravy. I'm so glad I decided on that meal. My fiancé was also impressed with his Burger and was glad we decided on Metro Diner over Applebee's. I definitely recommend this place and will be back to try their breakfast!
Absolutely amazing. Vegan. But you certainly I don't need to be a vegan to enjoy and appreciate the quality of the ingredients and the excellent execution. The sweet potato tamales were soft and flavorful, and the tempeh BLT was just about prefect.
Had a groupon for the high roller which included either a picture of the high roller ( eh!) or 1$ off of 6 pictures of our choice totaling 5$! This was fun and easy and the picture came out amazing! I rather do this then pay 30$ for one picture with a fake background from high roller! It took less then ten minutes for the pictures to be printed! I walked to yard house got a beer and walked back - beer in hand! Great experience! Very helpful associates! Amanda helped us and she was sweet and full of smiles for us!
Food is excellent, fresh made to order dim sum, gorgeous location and great service staff. Will be back for sure
Best prices and best haircuts! I have had two haircuts here and am going back for a third very soon. I get compliments on my haircuts from Marina everywhere I go!
Great experience; 2nd time is always the best. Start with the crab cake, it's fantastic. If you're not feeling a cut of meat, go with the seared scallops and as a side, I highly recommend the Mac and cheese. Very awesome, almost like it is made with cream cheese! Great wine selection, get a bottle for sure. Dessert, cookies and cream pie. I went on a date night and we got out of there for $185. Pretty reasonable considering other similar joints in Charlotte can run you $220 easy. Another bonus is valet is friendly and accommodating. Highly suggested my friends!
Hunting around on Yelp this evening at 5:50pm on a Friday for a place to eat that wasn't booked and found this little gem. Moon is super. And I genuinely mean this. I Love this guy. So genuine.We had edamame and tempura to start which was tasty, but the real winner was the hot rock bibimbap and ginger honey tea. Throughly enjoyed both the food, and the dining experience.
Fabulous service every time, love their menu and drinks...oh my god their drinks are fabulous! Super cute restaurant and bar!
EVERYTIME we come EVERYTHING is perfectEVERYONE is happyAnything is goodJuicesOmeletsLunchesDinner ....great choices all around  and the ambiance here makes us feel like we're on a street in Europe
District One is a hidden gem. The chef is great.  He loves to play with his ingredients.  You can tell by his dishes.  I came here a year ago with my mother.  It was great and still is.  I came here a few weeks ago with my husband.   I was able to try a few different dishes this time around.  Oxtail Fries is a must!  Pork Belly Buns was tasty, the balance in flavors is great.  Pho was good and fresh ingredients. Can't wait to come by to try their other small dishes!
Every time I enter the valley I have to stop. This place always has good older books at good prices. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. I might only go a few times a year, but they always treat me like a regular.
I've only come for lunch and I was very intrigued so much so I wanted to have dinner here. Tonight it so happened my boyfriend and I came to have dinner and we were blown away with such stellar customer service. We met Nick who is one of the owners as he walked around and made everyone feel so welcomed. He introduced himself and asked if we needed anything. After that we felt we had made a new friend. While sitting at their Wok Bar the second owner who appeared to be the top chef was so informative with the dishes. Jarred was phenomenal and extremely thorough. He even made us a dish and said it was on the house. Over all our experience here was the best I have ever had in an establishment like this. I will definitely come back.!!!!
Super good service.  Fresh salad.  Broccolini was cooked perfectly.  I ordered iced tea and they had simple syrup.
This place was great! The rooms were clean, everything was well organized, the staff was knowledgeable and friendly. I loved the choices in sound. Check-in was fast and simple. My favorite part was the relaxation lounge. There were books, oracle decks, crystals, tea, all kinds of things to relax and enjoy after your float. There was also a book you could leave a journal entry in, it was fun seeing everyone's doodles. Highly recommend this place :)
I had given this Starbucks a one-star review several months ago, saying I'd never go back after several less-than-stellar visits. I'm pleased to say I've been there since, and wow, what a difference that time has made!  While I still avoid the drive-thru because that's always super-busy, going inside has become a pleasant experience, thanks, in my opinion, to a new staff who are both friendly and efficient. I'm the only one who's noticed the change - the store is now regularly full inside. Yet despite the much busier atmosphere, drink times have gone down. Nice job, Starbucks!
Someone broke into our truck on a Saturday night. We contacted several places to get it replaced on Sunday with no luck. Some told us it would be Wednesday or Thursday before they could get to us. I remembered using Vegas Glass several years ago, so I made the call. Not only did they get us in within the hour, they were $30 less than the lowest quote. They did a great job. In spite of this being a specialty truck, they had the exact window and installed it in a couple of hours. This is now the only glass installer in my contacts.
Love this place! The ice cream is delicious, and vegan ingredients! My sister and I visit at least once a week or so!
My husband had Steak salad and raved about it. I had steak nachos which was great. We will be returning.
A very nice seafood dinner for my family. My wife loved the Frutti di Mare linguini, my six year old loved my leek soup and tilefish, especially the garlicky spinach and potato salad, and I enjoyed what she left me. Nice wine selection, and excellent bread. Definitely a repeater.
The bacon wrapped ribeye is delicious, so full of flavor! My friend had the salmon it was very good as well! Great food and nice atmosphere! I went 3 times in two weeks if that tells you anything! Lol
Upgraded version of Roberto's. Same menu, taste and price but better service and quality. Roberto's has recently changed their size for shrimp cocktail from 32oz to 22oz (med drink size) which is a lot less than satisfying especially for shrimp cocktail lovers. I'd prefer Frausto's over Roberto's. The service again is a lot more pleasant.
An honest mechanic shop.My 99 Jeep Cherokee wouldn't start the mechanic originally diagnosed it as needing a new computer. We were looking at $1,025 parts and labor. After we discussed it with the mechanic we were resolved to our fate. However, the mechanic went the extra mile after we left and looked more into it, on top of the 3 hours he had already spent. He found it was a bad crank sensor replaced and the computer worked.  They could have gone ahead with the expensive repair and replaced the $20 sensor unbeknownst to me but they didn't. They spent at least 4 hours diagnosing my jeep for a $232 repair. This is not my 1st time taking my jeep to this shop and they have had the opportunity time and time again to charge me for an expensive repair when it was something cheap. They are an honest shop.
Very clean and comfortable. My good friend lived down the street so we came in to get pampered. Reasonable rates and great job.  A+
This probably one of the best pizza I ever eaten. We order a large pepperoni and salami . It was so good. When im in town  again I will be coming here
Friendly staff! Friendly owner! Great food! I enjoy the chicken pho with chicken broth!  Annie will always have my business!!!
Exactly the place we were looking for. Guacamole is so good and you can add 3 different homemade salsas to get the spicy-ness you want. The tacos are delicious. Good portion size. Enchiladas are also amazingSimple menu but it is perfect! The restaurant itself is small but cozy. Waiter was very friendly.
I recently went to this restaurant with a group of friends as I had heard so many positive reviews and must say Artigiani definately lived up to expectations. This resto serves up one  of the best wood oven pizza's in montreal.Their  pizza is thin crust  and  they a have wide variety of pizza's that will please your pallette.  Ambiance is cozy and modern decor. They also serve up a great seafood pasta dish for all you seafood lovers and must not forget to mention their fried calamari entree. Lastly, be sure to leave room for their wonderful tiramisu dessert served in a gelato glass. Would definately recommend!
Excellent care. We really like Dr. Peterson and his staff. Good selection of frames. They stand behind all their work and correct anything you ask for. Very friendly and follow up is good.
Probably the best place serving Afghan cuisine and one of my regulars.  The place is usually crowded even on the weekdays.I ordered Sultani Kebab dinner .Kebabs are succulent, juicy and well cooked and rice garnished with pomegranate seasoning . Naan is baked and fresh.Cost for 2 : Under $25Options to try : Tandoori kebab, Chapli kebab, lamb shank and waziri
Wow! What a wonderful car buying experience, thanks to Adora, our stellar saleswoman. Adora doesn't judge you by what you wear or what you drive up in. She is kind, helpful and doesn't rush you as she gets you the best deal. After the purchase, she was an exceptionally patient teacher as she set up our seats, radio settings as well as syncing our phones to our new car. Her patience and her willingness to help us use and enjoy the luxury features of our new car as well as her genuine excitement in helping us buy our dream car made this a great experience. Call her!
Probably one of the better experiences I've had in regards to purchasing a car.  Macon Wild, the rep. who assisted us at Enterprise, helped us get into a car better than we had ever expected to get.  In a nutshell, she made it as painless as possible, and we walked out extremely happy.   After my wife's car accident, I was dreading going through the process.  I don't like to feel pressured and obligated to buy from a sales person, especially in regards to something as big as a new car, and would rather bow out than give in.  However, Macon was awesome for us; she had an awesome personality, knew exactly what we wanted and didn't try to deviate from that into something else, and seemed to really help us and understand what we said we could afford when it came down to financing.   If I were to be completely honest, some of the others that had tried to help seemed to put the pressure on us when we were getting down to the nitty-gritty business of financing, and I almost backed out.  If it hadn't been for Macon and her partner in crime, Alex Woodford, it may not have happened.  Those two were so awesome, patient and understanding about how I needed time to review the information and consider everything before making the final decision.  Between my hesitation and thorough research, I ended up delaying the process for about over a week or more, but because of their patience and just awesomeness all around, we walked out with a better car than I had even expected in the end.   Again, Macon Wild is the person to see at Enterprise Car Sales in Las Vegas.  We'd go again in a heartbeat, and maybe will go for our second car sooner rather than later with their help!
During lunch hour and plenty of empty tables to enjoy a great meal. Had the pandan custard with black sticky rice and the jalapeño fried rice. I've never been disappointed here with the food at malees on main in scottsdale
My brand new laptop would not print consistently to my 7-year old laser printer. After much frustration and way too much unproductive time, I knew I needed help from a Pro. I went to Best Buy's help desk and was told that I just needed to buy a new printer because mine was too old. Disappointed, I came home to do my research. I decided to call the company that I purchase my laser toner supplies from instead. I told Lance my problem and asked if he had any refurbished printers. He said they did have some printers, but thought perhaps their  technician could come out and change a few settings to correct the problem. Lance sent Steve out and within two hours he had set up my laptop so it would work with my printer, set up my second monitor, made sure the network was working properly, advised me on moving files from my old computer to the new one, and shared what I might consider purchasing to truly optimize my new laptop. Five-stars to Laser Specialists of AZ! I am a repeat and VERY happy customer!
Sometimes I think orthodontists take pleasure in dishing out pain.  I don't know if they imagine themselves as Dexter and lay out their tools right in front of you while looking at your eyes to see which you're most terrified at.  This is why I haven't trusted a Dental office in so many years, but with Cheyenne Dental Group I found one I can really trust.Setting up an appointment is easy but finding an open spot to be seen is hard, so get your appointments in.  For example and most recently I called Wednesday night close to closing to be seen for a quick checkup and the next available was on Tuesday at 3pm(!) ugh, with Monday being a holiday.  But with great service comes great demand.I then met Dr. Tounian whom assessed and had recommendations on work that needed to be done.  No pressure at all on what I needed and wanted.  My insurance isn't the best but they worked with me on getting the necessary work done as well.  Now lets talk about the treatment.  The assistants and staff were nice but my duel was against Dr. Lisa Hoang (spelling?) and faith was put into her hands.  She did an excellent job and explained what she was going to do and what I might be feeling so I wasn't caught off guard.  I would recommend this dental office and am glad I found comfort (scary thought being in a dentist office) in this visit and my future visits here.
I have stayed at many Hampton Inn over the years being I am on the road a lot. I have to say this is one of the best I have stayed in. This Hampton inn is amazing and the staff is great. Highly recommended if you are coming to Goodyear Az.
These reviews are retarded. Don't pay any attention. I sat at the bar. Had a few delicious Mexican beers and ordered a burrito with chorizo. IT WAS AWESOME. Don't listen to these crybaby millennials.
for brunch, i love sitting outdoors at the patio. call ahead to check the wait time. it's a popular seating area. the roasted chicken & chive waffles are great. love the vanilla bean butter with the waffles. steak & frittes is also a favorite.
The food is great! We ordered a wide varitey of food.  The staff is very friendly and there is a great ambiance.  Plus, you can't beat $15 bottomless mimosas!
I was debating between doing this one and Battlefield Vegas. I am definitely glad that I decided to go with the Best Bang for Your Buck Groupon experience for two at Gun Garage. Not only do you get to shoot more guns at this venue it seems, but it also seems more suited to novices as well. They provide you with transportation to and from the strip. The driver was nice and very conversational. Once we got to the gun garage all we had to do was fill out a form, show our IDs, and listen to our gun range officer and we were ready to go. Our range safety officer's name was James and he was extremely friendly and polite. He knew both of us had never shot a gun before and so he made sure he went over all of the proper steps with us more than once. Not once throughout our entire time there did we feel intimidated. He even gave us support while we were firing because we had never felt recoil before. In all we got to shoot A LOT of guns (9 I believe), much more than with the similarly priced deals at Battlefield Vegas. Although the whole experience only lasts about 15-20 minutes per person it felt like a really long time probably because it was our first time shooting and because of all of the adrenaline pumping. I definitely want to go back and shoot my favorite guns with more clips since I now know which ones I like. All in all though this is definitely the perfect venue for people who have never held a gun in their hands before.
I can't say enough about Bill and his staff.  He was constantly checking in on me and making sure I understood the process and his strategy.  From day 1, I felt like Bill cared about me personally and how the results would impact me.  I only witnessed professionalism from Bill and his staff.  Every call was promptly returned and every one I worked with seemed to have my best interest at heart.  I was referred to Bill by a friend and I would absolutely refer him to my friends.  He is a well respected attorney in Charlotte and NC and I just experienced why...... thank you Bill and team for the WIN!!!!!
So spicy and flavorful! Shrimp Pakoras really good and not too oily. Chicken tangra really tasty too (if you like chicken tikka masala you'll love this!). Appreciated the fact that the manchurian seafood rice actually tasted like seafood (instead of a oil-flavorless-spicy taste) and did not have too much food coloring.
Carlos was great.  He demonstrated his work after completion to make sure I was satisfied with his services.  I don't see that too much in the service industry.  Most companies grab their money and run.
LOVE their chicken club sandwich.  Great barbeque sauce.  We needed a place to hold an impromptu family gathering and they were very accomdating to our large crowd at the last minute.  They have "The Patriot Room" that is so cool.  Stop by and take a look and have some onion rings. They're the best!I heard they have stand up comedy on Wednesday nights too.  Haven't experienced that. We shall see...... :)
I went very close to closing time but the staffs were extremely friendly. They have amazing Banh mi. If you are a meat eater you definitely should try the grill pork Banh mi. The pork is tender and moist. The bread is warm. I had the vegetarian banh mi and it was delicious. I am glad they open near the University. They are generous with the portion. Amazing Thai tea.
This is my go to salon. Great service every time! I always come for the $45 gel mani and pedicure special and never leave dissatisfied. Request Rachel. She's amazing!
We were seated on the roof top patio, very nice! Got to see a lot of the downtown happenings. The pasta here was delicious! Andrew was our server and let me tell you he is the best, funny, attentive and gave his recommendations which by the way were great! The atmosphere here was lovely, it's nice for a date night or to take the whole family out! Coming back for sure!
Been to this location a couple times and have nothing but good things to say!! Awesome friendly staff and the best hollandaise ive ever had!! Best hidden gem I've found in the area. Good job managment!!!!!
We got the mini street tacos with black beans and rice. The steak in the tacos was sooooo good and tender. My daughter got the kid nachos and she couldn't stop saying how delicious they were. It was a mommy daughter date for us and we are very happy with our choice of restaurant. We had a great time
Great experience with Megan!! She is a super friendly and did a fantastic job on my hair. I have let my mom know of my experience and we will both be going to see Megan very soon. I loved that I could book an appointment online, very easy.
My favourite ice cream here is superkid. I've only gotten this flavour since childhood and haven't tried any others from them other than off of friends and family's ice cream lol.
Loved this place! I came for crab legs and was not disappointed! Loved that the seasoning wasn't full of butter, the level one spice was perfect, steamed veggies were crisp with a flavor season that wasn't too salty. Tried the allegator and frog legs for the first time- good, but not for me. I'm not that into fried, salty foods though. Our service was excellent --thanks, Tim! Fun and laid back atmosphere, friendly service! Oh, and we got to tag the walls which was fun!! I'll be back! *wish they stayed open a little later...
In from out of town and had a tire with a slow leak. Had to do a roadside spare tire change and limp my way over to this Discount Tire. I saw how good the reviews were here so I drove past several other tire shops on the way. Amazing service from Jonny; quick, professional and courteous. Found that it was only a leaking valve stem so no repair needed. In an out of there within 20 minutes. Definitely highly recommend!
Having nom'ed my way through Toronto, Bestellen is my favourite restaurant in a city if great ones.Food? Off the charts. The famous cote de boeuf, the burger - phenomenal.Service? Brilliant. Friendly, welcoming, funny, engaging. The vibe? It's a hip place without the hipster dip$hits. It's the best of both worlds.Highly recommend. For the win.
They have options for meat eaters and veggie lovers. Delicious. I got David's Special salad with chickpeas, beers, avocado and curry quinoa on top. The kale base had just the right amount of dressing and the portion is huge. I'm so stuffed.
Went there on a Monday morning and it was packed, waited 15mins for a table. Service was friendly and prompt once seated. Would recommend the Miami special sandwich. Great experience, would come again for lunch or just a casual coffee with friends.
Seriously an amazing experience. The staff was polite and took care of my every need. It has the perfect location, just steps from the Freemont experience. Easy walk to all downtown locations.  The rooms are super clean. Beds are huge and comfy. The bathroom is the perfect size for a hotel. Love the modern decor as well, feels like a strip hotel in the room. Nice food options as well. Easy to grab a quick bite at subway and McDonald's. Oscars was a meal to be remembered, looking onto Freemont from the dome. Try the filet and the Martinis. Great old time bartenders and staff.
No place like Happy's.  Sit at the counter if you can. Give Leo a fist pump and he is your personal chef.  Great food, consistent, and the name describes it best, a Happy environment.  My daughters love it.  He puts Mickey Mouse ears on the pancakes, by request only according to my 8 yr old.
They have the best return policy in town. I highly recommend shopping at nordstroms.  They have very attentive sales associates and carry a nice selection of items.
I visited Monty's on my way out of the state.. Once I stepped inside I'd wished I wasn't leaving and that I owned an SUV instead of a 2 door sedan... They have so many amazing things that I wish I could have purchased. The ladies there were very friendly and helpful. Was greeted promptly when I entered the store and felt very welcome. If I ever decide to move back to AZ I will definitely stop in and purchase a few things.
Just stopped here for a quick lunch. The entrance was a little confusing, but we quickly realized that we were walking through the brewery which was super cool. Our waitress was super friendly. I got the chipotle bbq chicken sandwich and the bbq pork sandwich. Both were delicious and good sized portions for the price and those fries! The menu said they were homemade beer battered fries and they were amazing! I also got one of their house brewed beers on tap which was also good and the pricing is more than reasonable on a pint! I was extremely pleased with our entire experience and we will be going back often!
Best persian food in the valley. Beats out the spots in LATry the homemade ice cream
I dropped my car off in the morning because my tire popped I looked for the nearest shop to me and this on came up had good reviews. I did ask for a follow up call and didn't get one I was too happy but when I went to pay for my tire he didn't charge me anything because I wasn't happy. My car drives good now and I was pleased with the service they did. Thanks guys.
This review will be short - because my visit was super short as well.The boy and I showed up late Sunday afternoon for an early dinner/late lunch/super late breakfast and were quickly seated in the bar area.  The lighting was very dim - good if you want a romantic date, bad if you want to read the menu.  Anyways, we had a Living Social voucher to redeem so we ordered tons of food - starting with the table side guac.  The server brought us chips and salsa and was just about to show up with the guac when the power went out - twice.  Apparently the power went out and then their backup generator failed.  Turns out the power wasn't expected to be back on for a few hours so we enjoyed our guac by candlelight and were also serenaded by the waiter....Our real meal never happened - obviously - no power, but I liked the way that they handled the unexpected situation and darn, now I have to go back!
We have been eating here for 5 years and though it is a little bit pricey for some things on the menu, you get what you pay for and what you pay for is the best Sushi and service in Nevada! The staff is amazing and friendly- they know us by name and give my 5 year old hugs and high fives when we come in! I love the entire menu but if I had to eat one only one thing every day for the rest of my life it would be Salmon Lover no Rice! Best thing I have every eaten! (Close runner up is the scallop hand roll and salmon skin hand roll) We look forward to our weekly visits and when we have actually ventured out to try other Sushi places we are always disappointed as nothing ever has come close in quality, service and atmosphere as I Love Sushi!
Great service, alcoholic drinks reasonably priced, food wonderful!!!!  Can't wait to go there again!!!!!  Huge difference from the previous owners!!!!!
Terrific food, comfortable and unique atmosphere, and excellent staff. I highly recommend the Tom & Jerry in winter and the cheese curds just about any time of year!
I haven't been to Eddie V's since their relocation from DC Ranch to the Scottsdale Quarter, but I sure wasn't disappointed. I could not try ordering anything else besides the Parmesan-Encrusted Sole and it has not changed it's culinary explosion of flavor one bit. The experience was romantic, the atmosphere was wonderful with a live musician, and we absolutely adored our waiter, Michael. I definitely wish we had more of an appetite leftover from our entrees for the dessert options, but after two side dishes, an appetizer, in addition to the entrees we were filled to the brim. We will definitely return.
Jim showed up with a huge smile and a "sorry for intruding" attitude when he came by to move the 1912 Lyon & Healy piano I restored. Shared custody means it bounces back and forth from house to house... long story. Jim has a great spirit and makes you feel like everything is going to work out fine.  I've never worry about the condition of the piano, I know he'll take great care of this antique.  Plus, I rebuilt it, I know how bullet-proof furniture made from that era is.Now if I could protect my emotions so securely with the loss...Thanks Max Piano moving
nice guy, great knife diversity, clothes and miscellaneous items for cooking and baking, comfortable atmosphere. everything a home chef needs, a lot of things a working chef WANTS.
This restaurant is awesome - it's just down the street from me and I am SO thankful for it. Since moving to Beaconsfield, the restaurant choices nearby have been limited/very disappointing. Plus, the rest of the West Island kind of sucks. But this place is excellent. I'd also say it's fairly priced. The restaurant is located in a converted home, making it very cozy. The staff are so warm and friendly, and it's clear that the restaurant is family-owned and that the owners actually care about their customers. Despite its location, this place could compete with what you find in the city, no problem. It is also consistently excellent. I would definitely recommend that you check out this gem!
Service was incredible. Thank you Russell for the great suggestions and service. Everything was very good. We had the peppercorn strip with house sauce, Mac n cheese, and crispy salmon. Highly recommend.
LOVE this place. The best sushi and one of the best meals I've ever had. Prix fixe menu. You can clearly feel the quality and emphasis on detail as soon as you walk through the door - the owner is meticulous and it shows.Expect to pay $50+ per person minimum. The menu is perfection and prix fixe changes daily. One of the best restaurants I've ever been to, and unbeatable for the price.Book your reservations today!
Melissa is the best. She just knows how to relax people. I live in Louisville, Ky and I work out here part of the year. She was recommended by a friend and after going to her once, I just wait till I come out here to get my waxing done. She also offers multiple other services and you can schedule everything online. If you've been thinking about trying Brazilian waxing, jump in and try it with Melissa. You will not be disappointed with her service or her personality. Also, I am plus sized so don't let that stop you from coming in and getting it lined up with Melissa.
Came here for the first time today and was incredibaly impressed. Had the falafel laffa..huge portion with so many toppings. Such awesome customer service as well. Falafel was made fresh to order, toppings like sweet potato, eggplant, turnips, pickles, hummus, fries..too many to name. Will definitely come back and recommend to friends and family
I have yet to have a wine I didn't like. Molly and her staff are excellent at helping me decide what to get based on what I like.  I promise you will not regret it.
No words to describe how amazing the food here is..my favt has been the number 3.chicken and rice with the extra sauce.Highly recommend this place to all
We've been taking our Porsche Cayenne there for service since we purchased it in 2011. Dan Sheridan is our Service Advisor and has been the best Service Advisor we've ever had. He's always so helpful and goes above and beyond. Recently our car was hit from behind and had to have the bumper replaced and the lift gait re painted. The body/paint department did a good job but after taking it home I realized there was clear coat overspray all over the back window. When I took it back, Dan and I noticed it was all over the car. They had my car for another 3 days. When I picked it up, there was still clear coat overspray on the drivers side mirror. Dan made sure it was taken care of right away and apologized profusely (not that it was his fault at all). I spoke with the Supervisor for body work and he couldn't even believe it got through quality control the way it was, twice. He offered me a free detail which were taking them up on. I probably wouldn't use their body shop again but will always go to Dan for service. He's the best and shows you how much he cares about you as a customer and a person. When it comes time to buy a new car, we will definitely buy from there.
"This is a little hole in the wall with great food that requires no sauces. Had tried 3 different street tacos all good but the beef was the best smoky flavor. Also had bacon potatoe egg breakfast burrito. So much flavor along with a chorizo egg potatoe burrito. 1s..."
My personal experience was an afternoon coffee. I gave the barista freedom to create and he did not disappoint! Most amazing oat milk spiced latte I have EVER had! Finished with nitro coffee to go and can't wIt for the next visit :)
Dry-Aged New York Steak & Roasted Rack of Lamb (9/10)After hearing the rumors and reviews of being one of the top steak houses, i came out to try this aged steak. It was beautifully refrigerated on display outside the stop. Just by looking at it, I started to salivate. I must say the steak lived up to my expectation, the picture cannot do it justice. The tenderness of the meat was perfect with being too overcooked. Getting medium-rare sab f meat had its own unique taste which complimented the seasoning really well. Each bit was like getting a massage on my palate by the juice that sprayed out. It was quite MOOving if I may say. The lamb rack was less spectacular as it was just average with a bit of tenderness in the middle but the outsides were a bit hard, probably because it was ordered as medium (who even does that). Definitely would recommend this place as a stop after making some money from the casino.
Zoës is my favorite place to go. The food is always tasty and healthy and there are variety of sides and dishes. Salad dressings on all tables are made in house and are great addition to the dish. Flat breads are good too but it's been a while I had it here and from what I remember they didn't blew my mind but they were good.
really loved their food and the place, but didn't have chance to try their breakfast. plus it's in very quite neighbourhood
sometimes its hard to get past the cash in this store.  you walk in and on your left are tomes filled with photographs and paintings, artists you know, artists youve never heard of, but they are all there welcome you in.  on your right like a cat thats just been in a room where a million other cats have just been hanging out, try as you might, you cannot move quicker help but stop every two seconds, every two inches to get a grip on the newest smell from the newest high quality page in the newest coolest magazine.  the mags are foreign, local, thick and filled with really great articles.this spot is top notch for an indie bookstore that has at least two great sections as listed above, and a whole book store filled with both new and obscure titles.
This place is amazing!! Our server Denise was the bomb! She was very attentive to our tables and she able to manager several other while we visited this restaurant! She was very polite and on point with her customer service. We will definitely come back here just for Denise!
Let me start off by saying that I've been coming to Vegas for 20 plus years. I've stayed in many hotels and I've had horrible experiences in most of them... This time I   reluctantly decided to stay at the Flamingo. It's the oldest hotel in the area so it CAN'T be as "good" as the others, right? Wrong. By far the best hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Where Trump had wonderful rooms but no casino, Flamingo came in with a wonderful room AND a Casino. Where Treasure Island had horrible service and crappy rooms, Flamingo came in with wonderful customer service and a wonderful room. My room was clean, comfortable and neat. Every person working there greeted me with a smile. And the biggest plus of all? The Flamingo let me bring my dog and let me walk her anywhere except for the casino and pool area. Plus, plus, and PLUS. From now on every time I visit Vegas I will only stay at The Flamingo. Screw the rest of these modernized barf hotels. Stay where the REAL Las Vegas history remains....  Thank you Flamingo ........and Margaritaville (for the massive hangover)... ;)
I first went to Larry about 10 years ago because it was close to my office. He's worked on multiple cars and SUVs of mine. He takes care of my Lexus convertible like it's his wife's. He's done big and small jobs and is always fair with his pricing. His wife runs the office and is a complete pleasure!
When we moved into the area we found this place and I used them once for a shampoo and nail trimming for my old man, Roscoe (Chihuahua mix). They were nice and affordable, I however was still going to try one more groomer in the area, before calling anywhere home. Well Roscoe had other plans, a week later he got into the trash and was covered in bbq sauce right when I was on my way out of the house. I took him back to All Dogs Go To Bev, without calling and they happily took him in and cleaned him up for me while I was out running errands with my kids. Now both of my dogs go here because it's hard to find such good customer service, especially on this side of town! Clean, affordable, good with my pets! All around win in my book.
I'm a local and my mom is in town. We were coming back from Hoover dam and saw this place. The place wasn't crowed and it was clean, fast and friendly place. Food was absolutely delicious and fresh. We had burgers and my mom had fried shrimp. I will be coming back! And oh prices were very good!!!
I loved the original restaurant and love this new incarnation. This is much different: much more casual and much friendlier to the wallet. The food is still delicious. As a sidebar, I had a Weight Watchers friendly meal here: chicken kabob with eggplant and zucchini over beans with harissa sauce. Fantastic!! The woman told us the harissa was very spicy but I thought it was just right. We plan to eat here regularly.
Definitely the bang for your buck! Awesome Hawaiian food traditionally made and not so pricey either!
WONDERFUL! My family stopped by today after church. What a delightful place. Luci's had some delicious food and afterwards we went to Splurge for some delicious Gelato. It was a bit warm, Arizona Summer, the trees have misting systems as well as plenty of shade. Grass and a small splashpad. What a delightful getaway from the big city we live in.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It is SO good and definitely has the best buffet around, and I typically don't care for buffets.
Great Sushi, young crowd. This place has a California, urban vibe. They pre slice their fish so you get your food in no time and the wait isn't bad because of that. AYCE includes some great stuff!
Really enjoyed my experience here today. The service was fantastic. The manager made sure we had everything we needed and he had a great sense of humor.
A very good experience.  They did everything well.Jessica provided great service.  The wine list is large enough, good variety and fair prices.  Food was very good also; good presentation; delivered hot, big portions, and at reasonable prices.If you stay at the Monte Carlo, there is no reason to leave the property for a steak dinner.
I first tried a Vosges bar after finding one at a local coffee shop in LA. I was wary at the $7 price, but the mix of dark chocolate, cinnamon and red chili was too intriguing to pass up. It pretty much rocked my world. So I did some research and discovered that there was a shop in Vegas, and wouldn't you know.. I had a trip planned already for Spring Break! Visiting the shop was the only thing on my itinerary for that weekend, and when I finally was able to drag my bro and sis there, we were in heaven. I walked off with a bagful of bars and some toffee, plus a few gifts for friends. At least 2 flavors are available for samples on the counter, but more importantly you can sample almost everything with the assistance of the staff. After my lengthy visit, I had sampled more than half of the options I think! What a great chocolate coma I had the rest of the day.  Besides the great product, what I was really impressed with was the friendly staff. I got a lot of great information and tips from the woman who helped me, and she was more than happy to give me and my family plenty of samples and suggestions. Those of you that read my reviews know how much I appreciate great service like this. And as a little epilogue, the other day I received a letter in the mail from the shop, which contained a hand-written note thanking me for my patronage and included a coupon for store and online use.  I can't wait to use it soon!
I have been going to this place since I was 10-11. A decade later I still go every few months and the food is still a good. Some of the cashiers have watched my sister grow from an infant to a preteen to put it into perspective. The food is incredibly cheap and very quickly made. The chicken corn soup and spring roll has tasted the same for over a decade. The Szchewan chicken over fried rice, the beef ho fun, Singapore noodles, Malay noodles, house delight, deep fried tentacles, deep fried squid, the deep fried pork chops over fried rice and the Shanghai noodles are a must try. I can usually get an entree with soup or a spring roll for about $10-$15 depending on how hungry I am. You can usually feed a family of 4 on about $20-$30 here which is great!
I love the food and the service....Great prices great food.As a note the returns on gambling are amazing and I always leave with money in my pocket and a full stomach...This truly is how  Vegas used to be.
The cheese course is now wrapped into the 16 course price.Favorite courses of the evening: *L'Orange SanguineEmulsion of blood orange on a wild berry gelee*Le Foie GrasCarpaccio of foie gras and potatoes, covered with black truffle shavings*Le TruffeCrisy black truffle tart with onion confit and smoked ham*Les CrustacesTruffled langoustine ravioli, grilled spiny lobster in green curry, 'chaud-froid' of sea urchin on fennel potato puree with anise citrisWine pairing prices for the degustation have four levels of prices, starting at $295 per person and going up $100 each level.  Hazard: The two desserts of the even required diners to break the candied shell, part of mine broke onto where I was sitting and caused a choco mess.  Good thing it was nothing a little soap and water couldn't take out.  Gift at the end: they have removed the color photo book of the degustation menu.  A gorgeous milk chocolate caramel bar with dusts of gold and lavendar.
They're coffee is fantastic and their bacon is the finest tastiest cut I've had the pleasure of bitting into! Seriouslyn its thick cut and so delicious! And its not fake thick cut where it would only be considered thick next to a piece of paper, nah, they're a nice hunk to eat!Katie was my server and was a ray of sunshine! I had the belgum waffle with eggs and bacon with some coffee. Lone Spur cafe is also a fantastic pokestop given there are three pokespots within the diners range!
The owners are super committed to their standards of service and quality, the bar is AMAZING. They have an amazing selection of beers and cocktails straight from their mixology culture. This is definitely one of the upcoming downtown bars along with their events and guest bands.
I was very impressed with this place! I have been to MANY salons in the Las Vegas/Henderson area and  have never found a place like this. I absolutely recommend this place. Great customer service, accommodating and they have a wide selection of polishes. Tina and Joe are the people to go to!! Tina does great free hand nail designs.
Cambodian cuisine is definitely not one of those common cuisine you would pick when someone ask, "What you wanna eat?" (Don't say I don't know....!)  However, now you can say how about Cambodian?  Yes, the one and only one Cambodian restaurant in Phoenix is here!  We had a group gathering here for dinner (NAAAP) and the food was delicious!  I can't say the actual name, but I'll use my best Engrish - Beef & Shrimp marinated salad/beef skewers/pot roast soup/fried tilapia topped with mango.  Okay sounds to me like a typical cuisine, but no dude....it was awesome.  Found out Cambodian cuisine is not spicy like I thought it would be.  Our service was great, this when the restaurant was booked by our entire group - Kudos!  Ambience was really homey - I gather if I lived in a Cambodian household that is....  The decors were originally from Cambodia purchased by the owner (Yut).  I didn't want to touch anything; felt like I was in a museum.Towards the end of the night I start to make dessert - yes "Me" was cooking!  They showed us how and what ingredients.  Needless, to say I didn't perfect the art, but it still passed and was yummy!  Take that Chef Ramsey! - Enjoy!
We went to celebrate my friend's birthday last week. I'm telling you, the filet was amazing! He got the boned in rib eye, also phenomenal! We ordered the mashed potatoes as our side, not that original, I know, but it was creamy buttery deliciousness! The service was impeccable. Seriously, no complaints at all. Go and enjoy this gem!
Fantastic find! Maybe a bit pricier than some Greek competitors in the area, but absolutely worth it. -laid back atmosphere-open late-fresh fresh! -try the tabbouleh - best I've ever had!-generous portions
Both the all you can eat and the teppanyaki are well above average, and fairly priced as well! This is the sushi place in Toronto I would rank as my personal favourite.
Best experience for my first time!! I so recommend this place! Oh boy how good i feel! I got a relaxation massage with the raindrop from Kiera. She made me feel so relaxed! I am definitely coming back!
I love this restaurant!  The food is great and the price is so inexpensive!  The lady who works there is so seeet!  It's my favorite Chinese restaurant now.
It has successfully achieved the impossible-trinity of my lunching needs:1. Great value: fresh seafood and quality ingredients for ~$10. Yes please.2. Delicious: mmm...perfectly grilled fish with avocados3. Healthy.Sole good, you cod say, The Fish Shop has me hooked.
This place was nice and small. Nothing fancy here but if you want good food you should head over. It can be a little busy with a lone almost to the door but what do you expect? Yum!
Did some damage here while in Vegas.  Was in town for the Backstreet Boys concert and happened upon this place while meeting up a friend off the strip.  It's in a little strip mall next to the K-BBQ place - you can't miss it- the sign is very visible from the street.They have a bunch of Korean beauty products as well as clothes and fashion accessories.  I mainly went crazy with the beauty products since there were a couple items I had been looking for and couldn't find online or at a K-beauty store in LA.  They also have a vast face mask selection with different brands which I loved!The store is very bright and cute and very well curated.  The girl who was working there was very friendly and knowledgeable about all of the products which made picking stuff easier.  Will definitely be back next time I'm in town!  Or open a store in LA!  That would make the drive much easier for me.
Night out on the strip it's a must you stop by here if you are a steak lover.  The service is flawless! The drinks are impeccable!  The food makes love to your palate!The amazing things I put in my mouth:Bluepoint Oysters:  Fresh, cold, horseradish, lemon slices, chili sauce, and if I wanted Tapatio trust me the service is so amazing that they would have found it!Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail: The definition of Jumbo, excellent cocktail sauce with plenty of kick, and perfectly chilled.Surf & Turf:  This entree is my food soul mate! This dish makes fatties sweat, makes red meat junkies shiver, makes sea lovers quiver, and foodies cream their seams! Filet Mignon, Maine Lobster, and served with this delicious drip off your lip herb lobster sauce.  Made for the King of kings!!!!!!!!Went with a bottle of Moet & Chandon, my glass never was filled by me, as a matter of fact I think the service here is telepathic.  Every time I even thought of serving myself more, POOF like magic the waiter would be right there.  The waiter went as far as cleaning off the table every single time he took a plate or brought a plate.  The best part is he never interrupted conversation.Definitely an excellent experience, one that will not be forgotten.
Bridal Boutique for one is like Pinterest in a Boutique. The shop is just beautiful. All the staff were super sweet and they made my wedding dress shopping experience exactly what I'd hope it would be; memorable & of course emotional. My wonderful stylist Sasha was extraordinary! I said "YES" to my dress at Bridal Bridal Boutique. If you are on the hunt for THAT dress their collection has everything a bride could hope for. Thank you ladies at Bridal Boutique
People the best luluemon I've ever been to. I wasn't happy with my purchase and they accommodated and had a sales associate pick items out for me to try on and made sure I left happy. They're always doing fun events here and overall the staff is smiling and helpful! I appreciate the manager being kind and understanding.
My family and I have gotten our routine oil changes, tire repairs, punctured gas tank replacement, engine electrical problem repair and other services done.  They always get things done quickly or in a timely manner.Thank you EXCEL AUTO SERVICES!  Your staff never fails to amaze me with the great customer service you offer your customers and the quality of work done on our automobiles.  Yet again... Not just on this occasion but several others you've come to the rescue!  It makes a huge difference, less headache and less hassle to know that we have a reliable auto shop we can go to.  I can't say thank you enough.
The food was delicious and the service was great. I got the $2.99 deuces wild (2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 pancakes) it was perfect, the over medium eggs I ordered were cooked perfectly. My husband got the prime rib sandwich with fries for $7.99. The prime rib was cut thick and piled high and served with au jus. I would 100% recommend.
Well don't think I've ever given a place 5 stars before! The food was amazing and the staff is great!! I I had the shaved stake salad... it had the best French fries on it. Is it still a healthy salad if it has french fries? Who cares .. it was worth it!
Great food and even better atmosphere. Try at least one item from every section and split the pork or chicken course!
This is my favorite smoke shop and I don't really go anywhere else when it comes to smoking. The staff is helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly!
Best Chinese noodle in town. Amazing soup noodle and quality Ingredients. Super clean and nice people. It would be nice if I could ask for extra meat for meat lovers like me. Very authentic even compare to Toronto.
Very professional and was an amazing bang for the buck!  Unlike the cheap DIY looking photo walls that you usually see at parties nowadays, this is an ACTUAL photobooth; but not the type you and your best friend would squeeze into at the strip malls.  This was large enough to fit our entire family of 6 adults in a frame with no issues - masks, hats, wigs, and tiaras and all! Best part of an actual booth vs a photo wall was the ability to have your photos show outside the booth for others to enjoy but you have the privacy to prep your poses for each shot without staring at the rest of the guests waiting in line or having those eating putting a damper on your diva shot! Two's company photbooth were very good with the kids; they were patient and were very professional and efficient in managing the booths.  They provided a couple bins of props, signs and costumes and the pictures came out beautifully with our personal touches and messages personalized on the photos.  We were given multiple options when deciding the size of the photos and we were asked how they can customize the template to reflect and match the occasion right down to the message. The photobooth was a blast and we received a lot of compliments on the booth as being one of the highlights of the evening.Highly recommended!!!
Wow, just got take out for the first time last night. Seaweed Salad, California Roll and Spicy Salmon Roll. The salad was fresh and delicious with a slight hint of heat. Very, very good. The rolls were both delicious as well. Very fresh and the rice was light and fluffy. The kind of sushi I like to close my eyes and enjoy while eating it. When I went to pick it up, I was surprised at how nice the restaurant was inside. It's just a tiny storefront next to an auto parts store. My wife and I will be going in soon to try more food.
amazing food the hot dog is so delicious and the staff is so nice. taco tuesday is an amazing deal! a great place to go with family
I stay here every time I'm in town and love the property. I always upgrade my room and the view doesn't disappoint. I love being able to avoid the hastle of being on strip while still being right by the strip. And I've never had anything but positive experiences with the staff when I need them for something. I'll keep coming back!
If you're looking for a go-to pest control company... Guaranteed is it! Love the service we get. Trey is friendly and knowledgable and wants what is best for his customers!
Tiah helped me in the drive through today. She was quick, polite, knowledgeable and overall a model employee. Food was super delicious and hit the spot.
Fontina burger is where it's at. The BBQ chicken salad is pretty tasty as well. It's a great family place but is also an easy and quick date night for young couples. My boyfriend and I have been here a couple of times together and it's always consistent and delicious!
Great prices on produce!Friendly serviceThe bakery had a large selection of breads !Conchas were good tasting as was the bollilo
Wonderful food, enthusiastic servers who love their restaurant. Nice decor, reasonable prices. We will definitely return.
Amazing service and even better prices than the competition. This is my 3rd dry cleaners in the area and by far the best. Will be a customer for a long time to come.
The Boba here is amazingly.  I tried the house tea and it was delicious.  Stop by for a Boba if you have time.  I met an employee and she was really nice.  Great experience overall.
First time here and we will go again. Five dollar craps tables, good restaurants too.  Only thing it needs is a bubble craps machine.
Tempe St. Luke's doesn't look pretty on the surface but this is by far the best ER nursing staff in the phoenix area.  The nurses do joke a lot but really care about their patients.  Noise and commotion travels and is disturbing at times but,  it's the clientele not the staff.  I would say,  the appearance of the ER definitely needs improvement.  I would recommend this place if I wasn't laughed at by my friends.
Great gyro and priced fair. Not as big as the messini gyros but definitely nice to have this place in the west end. Good service and good food. Give it a try.I highly recommend.
Definitely the best coffee house I've ever frequented, and I used to frequent this place a lot back in the days when I'd have to hunker down with my 6 novels a week for school.  Tons of tables, lots of menu options, yummy bakery case stuff, ready copies of The Onion, cool, friendly staff, and walls covered in ever-changing artwork for sale by local artists.These peeps know how to make a skim chai latte like no other.
24 hour service!  702-333-8000Exceptional chicken fettuccine Alfredo! White pizza is to die for!!! Everything is homemade I love it. 24hr delivery and pick up. The owner is super friendly!!! 5 stars!!!!!
First time here with two little boys my 5 yo boy and his 9yo friend. We just came from Flipnout extreme and this was the closest dine in pizza place we could find. Very happy we came here. The I think manager or owner was very polite and friendly with us making us feel welcome. The pizza we ordered, a small half cheese and pepperoni and garlic bread, was very good!  Overall, we would come again. :)
These guys are great. They fixed my X5 hatch motor for 57% of what the dealer quoted me, and I haven't had any issues at all with the work. They were quick, nice, and do a good job for a fair price. Thanks!
I went here today for lunch and i was pleasantly suprised with this quaint hidden gem. I love mediterranean food, so this slight chipotle spin on a classic was clever. You have 2 options bowl or wrap. I'd pick bowl if your a tad hungrier. Hummus, greens, protein, and unlimited toppings made for a very hearty meal. It was my first meal of the day at noon and kept me full until 7pm! I also gave the cinnamon twist pita fries with peanut butter hummus a go and was impressed with flavor, just not so much texture. The pita fries where I expected them to be soft were hard. But overall i felt like this was a delightful meal satisfying and refreshing. Its far from where i live but i will definitely make the drive!
Super please with our new gate. Everyone we dealt with was prompt, professional, and on time - all qualities that seem to be all too rare when working with local trades.We gave them a design for a quote. They gave us a ball park price, later came and measured once to confirm price, and a second time when we made the purchase.Two weeks later our new iron courtyard gate was installed. It matched the picture perfectly. The installers even came back a second day to touch up some concrete that had chipped and everything looks amazing.We got four other quotes - 1 was a horrendous experience, 1 no showed, and all were at least $400 more with a 4 - 6 week wait.
How is my review only the fourth? I came by happenstance, and am pleased I did. I told the hostess to bring whatever the cook wanted to put together, and the meal I had (spicy lamb) was great. A previous review hit it on the head: authentic. The food was flavorful and they use good cuts of meat. I had a huge dinner for under $12, and the lunch specials are even cheaper. If I was going to school in Charlotte I'd be eating here regularly. Very friendly and helpful staff, will return on my next trip.
Ideal spot for meetings or connecting with friends. The service is great, there is a lot of indoor and outdoor seating, and the menu is excellent. Easily one of my favorite spots.
The food here was amazing. We ordered the Las Vegas platter for 4 and there was a ton of food. For 4 adults it is a really good amount. Make sure you come hungry. I also recommend the bulgogi bibimbap. It was so tasty. Really, there was nothing we did not enjoy. The sides were good and plentiful and the meats were seasoned very well. The only thing we regret is not being able to finish it all because we got so full.
Great state park, only downside is that they charge $3 or $5 for folks who dont live in the county on weekends thru mid-spring to fall...we go daily to walk dogs on the 1.4 paved circle around the park, plenty of nature to be seen, lots of "inlets" for grilling & picnic-ing...uou can rent the clubhouse area for functions or weddings...it is almost all on Lake Norman, to note-no public swimming
Incredible local bakery!  At first you may have some sticker shock but once you factor in the huge portions and that it's organic ingredients, it more than evens out!  A brownie can last you 2-3 days easily.  The lemon bars are a diabetic coma waiting to happen if you eat in one sitting.Vegans are accommodated for, however being non-vegan the items I've tried that are vegan friendly are tasty but crumbly.  Not sure if that's due to the lack of a binding agent such as eggs.  Tastes good but missing the mouthfeel that a carnivore like myself expects.  Bottom line, Miss Lauren has a great thing going with her little, diverse bakery!
I will never be able to put into words just how much I love Aladdin's. I can easily walk to it, sit down in one of the cozy little booths in this not-to-big-not-to-small joint, mull over exactly what I want, and never be disappointed - plus, I always get my food very quickly, so whoever is in this kitchen, keep doing what you're doing! If you're looking to get an appetizer with your meal, I highly recommend the pita and/or salads, which always have super tasty seasonings - they're super flavorful ways to start your meal off for sure. As for the main course, while there's a pretty decent number of options I'm addicted to their rolled pitas, which range from basic chicken and honey mustard dishes to Mediterranean-styled lamb or beef pitas, complete with special house sauces and dressings.I rarely get their desserts, not from lack of quality but from lack of room - the food here is extremely filling, even if you split it with a friend like I often to. That said, I can testify from my occasional splurges that the desserts here are pretty darn good, so long as you're in the mood for cake. If not, there's both a frozen yogurt and an ice cream shop a block or two down the road. They're super easy to get to and find, assuming that you don't opt to order your dinner online in advance and then take it home, although I think this service is more there to allow someone to plan hours in advance, as opposed to suddenly deciding, Hey I want Aladdin's! At that point you may as well go to the restaurant, since they don't deliver.Man, just writing a review about this perfectly placed restaurant with its amazing food is making me hungry...maybe I'll need to treat myself to some Aladdin's this week!
WOW! Amazing. met up w/ my bestie tonight @ town square. We were both hungry so as We walked past the tommy bahama resturant. We asked to peek @ the menu & the Host at the door was very Clever.  I totally wish i remembered his name...my bestie thinks it was Corey but either way you were awesome! We got a great server...William! awesome! Great bottle of wine & not totally over priced wine list.  It's nice to see a couple bottles under $100 bucks. FOOD was OUTSTANDING!!!....Scallop sliders, goat Cheese/mango Ap, lemongrass Ahi Tuna. everything was out of this world. So many other things looked amazing on the menu we will certainly be back to try then out!!! William brought over the dessert tray & made some recommendations. 2 Chocolate things we ordered...1 with Williams recommendation of Godiva liquor poured over it........AWESOME. Arturo the GM stopped by as we were finishing up our dessert. Thanks it was great to meet you!!!! It was truely one of the best dinners I've had in a long time.  The Company (my bestie!), the service & especially the food!
Cute small little restaurant. I would like to see this place expand. We ordered the prime rib and Kauai shrimp with Kimche fried rice. All I had to say was WOW! on point. We also ordered some blue point oysters which were on the smaller side but for $1 I guess u can't go wrong. I could eat that all day. The only con was it felt like there was no A/c. It is very hot and uncomfortable but we survived. And service was slow at first but it did pick up afterwards. I'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu!
Fantastic meal, pizza made just like we wanted it. They added pepperoni to half of our Bacon & Blue with barely a raised eye. Great atmosphere and the service (Alex) was by far the best we had during our entire stay. Friendly staff, and just a stellar meal.
Great cafe and delicious food! Customer service was friendly. Would definitely go to this place again. A+
I love Täkō! The atmosphere is wildly awesome, dark and loud, not the best for conversing but fun in its own right! The wild mushroom tacos are incredible as are the signature Täkō tacos, which features octopus as the main meat! The grapefruit and sage margarita is refreshingly divine! Highly recommend for a cocktail afterwork or Friday night downtown!
Found this gem on Yelp.  Went there wanting exactly what I saw in the photos and I got so much more.  The food was amazing.  The service was fantastic and so hospitable.  Can't wait to bring my husband to this place next week!
This place was amazing. Best place we are in Vegas. I usually don't like oysters but these were so good I'd definitely order them again. The garlic seated tuna was delicious too, really everything was  really flavorful and amazing
Looks just like how I saw it on tv in the states. Friendly service and nice hot bagels. Bought 2 dozens to take back with me.
Not sure everyone feels about going to a Dealership to get their car fixed, but I've been a VW owner for almost a decade (which - don't say it, leaves me feeling pretty old!)  Nevertheless, I had an awesome experience today, and have to give Loretta and the rest of the service team a shout out.  They are really amazing - they provide great recommendations and timelines for when the work should be done (not gounging, particularly for a dealership).  They are truly great, and make me feel less bad about spending my hard-earned cash, on my well-loved car, keeping it well maintained and trouble-free.
Harry's is good food in a great location.  The service is top notch, the menu choices substantial and quality is excellent. The bar area is lively with quality top shelf drinks and interesting apps.  Dinner here is so good, you need your appetite and wine palate ready.  I have only had good experiences at Harry's. Need to go more often!
Canes has been my favorite fast food restaurant since I've moved to Las Vegas. I used to go about 4 times a week; Breakfast( since they open at 930), lunch or dinner. I have slowed down and probably visit twice a week now. I have never written a review but it has always been good quality food and a good amount for a good price. I'm writing one today because the Cashier Kevin, I assume that's his name because it was on the receipt had great customer service from the minute I walked in to when I got food and when I left. The food was great as always. But I just wanted to give the cashier some recognition. Him and the manager on duty (don't know his name but tall guy) were great. Thank you guys keep up the good work!
I was referred to Rick through a trusted friend and Rick has been nothing short of incredibly professional and a real pleasure to work with. I had to have a very large picture window replaced as well as a shower door. He came exactly when we scheduled the time to measure and returned within a week to replace both glass pieces. He went above and beyond to make sure both glass pieces were installed as perfect as possible and also checked every other shower door in my home to ensure they didn't need any adjustments as I have two young children at home. I wish every contractor was as easy and professional to work with.
We had an amazing brunch at Bouchon! This will be on my must-eat list every time I go to Vegas.Arriving a few minutes early for our table, we found ourselves waiting at their full bar, which is where our wonderful experience began. A melange of mimosas, French 75s and Bloody Mary's rolled out (hey, we were on vacation!), and the brunch festivities began. The bartenders know their stuff, are friendly, and prepared our drinks lickity-split. Each cocktail was carefully made, and tasted delicious. Drinks in hand, we were soon escorted to our table.They were debuting a new menu on the day we went. I can't comment on the changes since I haven't seen the old one, but the menu had something for everyone. Our server did a fantastic job of explaining the menu to us and making recommendations based on our preferences. The service was singularly outstanding! Thanks to Alonso!At our table we got the chicken & waffles, croque madame, salmon version of croque madame, steak & potatoes, and a variety of sides and pastries. Every item was delicious and well prepared. The Lyonnaise potatoes are an excellent side. Chicken and waffles are the bomb. And the pastries - oh my gosh, the pastries! It wouldn't be wrong if you ate an entire meal consisting of their pastries. I wouldn't judge you.Overall, a vastly superior dining experience, and a brunch to remember!
The food is consistently very yummy.  love all their selection.  I like how they mix Hawaiian and Korean food together...fusion
I'm happy to see that Port Of Subs pays attention to online reviews. My previous issues have been addressed and changes have been made accordingly. I've had several recent visits that have been awesome. Thanks guys!
This place is exceptional from start to finish! Needed to have my bumper replaced along with other front damage. I contacted and visited several other companies prior to FIX auto. The other companies told me I had to schedule an appointment just to get a quote. And those that did see me, told me I would be without my car for weeks! I called Fix Auto, and from the beginning Al was very kind and informative. He told me to bring it in anytime for a quote. I brought it in hours later and after Al explained what needed to be done and how long it would take , I booked my appointment. While the other companies were telling me it would take weeks, Al said he would have my car ready by the end of that week. Four days later and hours earlier than promised, my car was ready! Couldn't be happier. They did an excellent job and Al continuously kept me up-to-date on the status of my car. I highly recommend Fix Auto. Al even offered other services they do aside from bodywork. I will definitely be back to take care of any updates my car needs such as headlights windshield wiper replacement, etc....A+++++ work & customer service !!!! Happy customer
Great place to hang out for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Different coffee and teas to choose from and staff is friendly.
Contacted Happy Handyman for a variety of odd jobs and they sent Mark. He arrived on time and was very personable and professional. His work was exemplary, fixing all of the necessary items, and leaving them operating as though them were brand new. Would definitely recommend them.
LOVE KELLY!!!!! I have gotten a Brazilian wax for YEARS and this girl HANDS down is amazing. Her room is spacious and big and inviting. She is SO down to earth and easy to talk to.I went in today for an appt and I could not express on how much I love her as my new go to girl for a wax! She definitely has me in the books as a regular!!! :)
Really observant staff that were attuned to the whims of my partner and I - this is the second best thing about this restaurant. The food was some of the best sushi and tempura I've ever had and the complimentary dessert oranges were sweet and delicious.
I don't work around anywhere that I know of that has a good veal sandwich, so I came to Yelpland to figure out how to satisfy my veal craving...and I was not let down! Small place with some outdoor seating which I took advantage of on an unusually warm October day. I got the veal sandwich (of course) and it was FABULOUS. Made fresh to order, instead of scooping a soggy veal out of a tub that's been sitting for hours...the veal itself was a huge portion with no stringy or tough parts, the edges were beautifully crispy..geez just writing this review is getting my mouth watering with the memory of this awesome sandwich. The bun was soft and fresh as well, and to top it off, they had Cherry Dr. Pepper! I never see that. Anyway. I will definitely be back, this is now my new 'fave' veal place. YUMMO!
I have been to many salons in the Las Vegas area to try and find someone who can work on my wide nail beds. I can't stand acrylic because make my nails look too big and thick, I liked SNS powder but it would break very easily. So I decided to give hard gel a try and I went to LV Nails based on the reviews on Yelp. I was not disappointed! They fit me in same day, I got a full set and pedicure, that was PERFECT, for $100. Now that certainly isn't the cheapest I've ever paid, but you get what you pay for! And it was a very fair price. I've never had a better pedicure than the one I got from LV Nails and Spa. I have odd shaped toenails because when I was younger I used to rip them off rather than cut them down so they grow a little weird and pedicures usually get on my nerves because my entire nail is not painted. Of course it's easily chipped and they neglect the very sides of the nail bed but not here! They have the biggest variety of nail colors in regular polish and hard gel so I had a hard time picking what I wanted but it's a good problem to have! My full set was done by Kim and I can't remember the name of the awesome lady who did my toes, but I definitely want to go to her again! Kim was really professional and sweet. Made sure to ask me if I wanted water a few times, made sure I liked the shape, made sure I liked the color. She made sure to check in with me every step of the way to ensure that I was satisfied. Same with the lady working on my pedicure, made sure to asked me about the length and the color and gave me a really nice foot massage. The salon was really gorgeous very clean and friendly staff with friendly patrons. Parking was not a hassle unlike many other salons I've been too, have to drive around for a few minutes just to find a spot, not here parking was not difficult at all. This is definitely my new go-to salon in the Henderson & Las Vegas area.
Habib did an excellent job with my tux.  I am actually going to drop off one more suit for him to adjust this week.  He was able to do the alterations quickly.
When I'm in the mood for Chinese food, I always choose this over the Japanese/Chinese/sushi restaurant a few doors down. The prices are a bit better, service is a lot better, and the food is delicious.
This place is a hidden gem and I can guarantee you that you will not find better service anywhere! Two days ago, my wife and I were looking for a local bakery in the Avon/Avon Lake area for desserts for a family party. All other bakeries were closed/closing. I called Ventito and Donna, the owner answered. This was at 3:45 and they were scheduled to close at 4. I asked if they had any cupcakes we could come grab and she said SURE! She asked me to give her 20 minutes because they were just made the night before and they hadn't been frosted yet. My wife and I showed up at 4:10, ten minutes after they closed (!!!) and Donna let us in while she was still frosting our cupcakes! She took the time to make sure our desserts were perfect, even though it kept her working past business hours! Not only that, but then she had is try several other desserts, all of which were delicious, so she could get our opinions on them. Ventito is an absolutely great place, family owned, and I will make sure to go back for years. If you want not only great baked goods, but better service, I'd suggest you do the same thing as well!
The sushi rolls are really good. My favorites are the volcano, fire roll, and crab pop. They always have special rolls as well and those are pretty tasty. The hibachi is a good price for the portion, enough to eat twice. They recently starting serving pho! I'm so excited because there's not a vietnamese restaurant up this way and now this place has pho. It's authentic pho and you can tell the chef cooks the broth for more than 8 hours. It's some of the best especially during the cold days. The portion size is really big and pricing is reasonable due to the amount of meat you're given. The restaurant is family owned and very friendly. Would recommend to everyone.
First time here.  Checked in and got the pepperoni cheese stick for FREE.  It was great. The service was very welcoming as they checked to make sure if everything was ok. The dining area was roomy and my son had room to stretch his legs and did not felt pressure to just sit there-felt very welcoming. Ordered chicken wings with garlic ranch. Omg so glad we did,  it was amazing. The chicken was crispy with a nice crunch with every bite and did I mentioned the garlic.  It was so delicious!The XL pizza was huge with a crispy crust and a soft bottom texture that was not overly oily with every bite.  The topping were really tasty with half of it topped with pepperoni,  black olives, and sausages.  The other half had pepperoni,  onions,  and bacon.  To spice it up we asked for jalapeno on the side.Will definitely return.
Stopped by Simons today based on the stellar yelp reviews. I also was thrilled to learn they had vegetarian options. My fiancé and I both had the Colombian Hot dog he had beef I had veggie. They were amazing! I got the combo with fries in a drink (you should too because the fries were fab)! I would definitely recommend - can't wait to go back and try another option!!
Really liked this place, we didn't have reservations on a Saturday night so we came in early, only waited about 15 minutes. The staff was great and attentive, always getting refills of drinks and food and changing out the grill.  Didn't save room for dessert but maybe next time, we will be back!
VERY friendly staff.  Pharmacy was great.  Been there a few times and always fast courteous service.  Just got my flu shot and it went extremely well.  Store is clean and seems to always have stock.
I love this place! First of all they use jasmine rice which is amazing in a burrito or chimmichanga! The service here is always great and fast. The 5 Street taco plate is my goto dish here.
I live several miles away, but I travel to Nobel Beast to pick up my dog food once a month.  It's that good!!
What a great experience friendly painless and quick I was treated for potential cavity and discovered probably noting  they did not try to up sell or anytime else like most dentists !
A true gem. Went their last night for the first time and the food and service were unbeatable. Try the Banana Puddin'... May be the best thing I have ever eaten!
5 Stars!!!Have to recommend Ian and Invisible Fence as he was very understanding, conscientious and made all the right recommendations that has ensured our kitties stay in the yard!  Thanks Ian!
As someone who hesitates stepping foot into a dentist's office, I can begin to say this office is fantastic. From the assistants, to the hygienists, to Dr. Davis, they all are beyond exceptional. Dr. Davis is a very talented and efficient dentist, and at the end of the day, is the most honest dentist you'll have. He shows you all your options and will be genuine about what needs to be done and when. He is very compassionate about his work, which reflects upon the impeccable quality of dentistry he provides. I'd recommend this place for your dental needs.
I own a catering company, so we have several vehicles that constantly seem to need service for one thing or another. Add to that 2 personal vehicles for my wife and I and car repairs can get quite expensive. Bell Union Auto is as honest as they come! Great service, reasonable prices and honest repairs.  I highly recommend them!
Went here on New Years Eve 2015. Surprisingly (for a place located within short walking distance from Fremont Street Experience) it was very quiet, not overpriced, and had plenty of tables available for walk-in guests like us! Very pleasant place, good service and AWESOME food! Very creative, familiar foods tasted unusual and unusually good! I had Tuna Tartar, Angel Hair, and Ricotta Cup with Pears as a dessert. Everything was just fantastic!
We've eaten years 3 times: the first shortly after opening was great, then not-so-good last fall, and recently last week. Our latest visit was EXCELLENT!!!.  We ate at Delmonico and Gordon Ramsey last week and both were lacking compared to Beso.  Our steaks at Beso were the tenderest and best flavored by far.  The service and ambiance were outstanding! Thanks again Beso!
Best ayce in vegas hands down! My wife and I go there atleast once a month, we love it.
The noodle very spicy, good and the service is fast, i like the greenbean drink and it's free
I recently had my first Reiki session with Annette, and I can't wait for my next one. I decided in the New Year that I have some issues to work out, and I very strongly felt that Reiki needed to be part of my healing. I was right. I went in not really knowing what to expect, but Annette immediately put me at ease. She has such a beautiful, calming energy, and she is very skilled at what she does. I felt a tremendous release and movement in my body and mind during and after my session, and I know that I am on the right track by adding Reiki and Annette to my life. Annette and Project Refined Life are amazing.
This was my second time in the last few months meeting a friend for lunch atLuciano Garden Restaurant.  It is not far from my home.  The restaurant was perfect for conversation, and very comfortable.  The pizza is the best pizza I have had in a long time in the Las Vegas area.  The chopped salad was a generous portion with a lovely light dressing.  I plan to have dinner with my husband in the near future and am looking forward to trying some of their seafood, pasta dishes.
My husband and I walked in right as the doors opened and were greeted immediately. Everyone was very welcoming and we loved the decor. Our server Tony offered us the daily specials, answered all our questions and even made suggestions. He was extremely knowledgeable and friendly. We had the pretzels with cheese for appetizers. They were the best we've ever had! Our sandwiches were tasty and proportions just the right size. Loved everything! Everyone should give this place a try when downtown. They'll be thrilled with the atmosphere, people and most importantly the awesome food!!!
Best happy hour!!! Very rare to find a sushi happy hour especially one so good! Had to try the intriguing blackened tuna pizza which was actually very delicious.  Crunch roll and harmony roll tasted fresh and had great texture! Our hostess greeted us warmly and we were sat promptly, forget our server's name but she took great care of us and always checked back. Glad I live close, boyfriend and I are most definitely coming back
My girlfriend and I decided to try George's Brasserie last night before our pre-Christmas celebration and were really blown away.The food was excellent! We started off with a barbecue octopus appetizer special that was really flavorful and tender. Also, the complimentary baguette they give you is great - not a crusty baguette like I've had to endure many times at other restaurants. My girlfriend ordered the duck entree and I ordered the pork chop. Both were exceptional! Her duck was so tender and moist and was the best duck either of us had ever eaten (albeit both with limited experience). My pork was very good, and the polenta that came with is was awesome. Unfortunately we were stuffed even before dessert, but all the food we tried was very flavorful and cooked just right.The service was pretty outstanding as well. Multiple different waiters checked on us or took plates, etc. but it was not because our main waiter was inattentive. The owner visited our table a few times as well, and the entire staff was friendly. The ambience is exactly what you would expect in South Park as well, very elegant and classy without trying too hard. No complaints about any portion of our visit to George's!
Dean our technician provided excellent service and listened and answered all of my concerns and questions.  He updated my account information to ensure that future technicians would be up to speed about our needs.  I really like that the materials used are safe for pets yet kills the pests!   Thanks Moxie!
My daughters love this place especially the Little Xtremers 5 & under section. They recently did construction on the whole place and it's fantastic. We had my oldest daughter's bday party here and the party host, Rayni, was fantastic. They took care of everything, all we did was show up have fun and leave! Definitely recommend this place for moms looking for something to do with their kids.
This place is great!  Menu prices are reasonable.  The service is ridiculously fast, and the staff is friendly.  Watch out for the calories in those burritos!  Everything else is fresh and healthy!  For a chain, this is as good as it gets!
This is definitely my friends and I's go-to place! The prices are amazing, the portions are huge and the food here is delicious! Unlike other Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to, you can really feel that it's clean place! The staff is super friendly and the service is also really quick. If you're also not into pho, there are many other things to choose from, like the rice vermicelli plates (kind of like a salad), thai fried rice and a curry and chicken dish (if I remember correctly... but ask the staff about it!!). They also have this really cool dessert that's a combination between red bean, coconut milk and some kind of jelly...
What a surprise.Walking up from the outside, I was a little disappointed about the place - thought it would be "outdoors", when it's in the center of a non-descript strip mall.But once through the automatic front doors, you're transported into a cozy wine celler at first, then through to the comfy restaurant/outdoor seating area.  Totally not what I had expected from the looks of the exterior.  From moderately priced champagnes to ultra high end bordeaux, they have a large variety of great wines.  You can even purchase a bottle and open it on the spot for a $10 corkage fee.  Had heard the food was good, which is why we came - and I was not disappointed.  Since it was sunday, it was mostly brunch items, but pretty much everything we tried was very tasty.  A few dishes of note:-Buckwheat crepes: savory crepes are usually salty due to the sauce that's poured on.  Not the case here.  Crepe was soft and tender, with the chicken and mushroom going together nicely, and a light thyme creme sauce to tie it all together.  -Croque madame: frenchy countryside comfort food.  Love me a good thick piece of bread, and boy, their pain di mie was amazing.  Thick cuts of ham and two gooey over-easy eggs to tie it all together.  Yum.-Lobster salad croissant: There's something really good about home made pastries and bread.  No corner cutting here.  Fresh lobster meat, mixed with creamy avocado, piled on top of a fresh baked croissant.  The kids really dug the lake view and hung around quietly watching the turtles swim around, while the adults ate and socialized.  Overall a great experience.  Highly recommended if you can stomach the drive into the heart of sSummerlin.
I HATE and I do mean HATE going to the dentist. However Dr. Dachs and his team always makes my visit a pleasant one. I always see Dr. Chris who I swear is not old enough to be a dentist, but he does an excellent job. The entire staff from the receptionist to the hygienist, to the Dr's. have all been very wonderful and patient with a wimp like me. They are always honest and upfront about every procedure that I have had or may need which hasn't been much (thank goodness). So if you are looking for a great dentist office, go and check out them out. You will be pleasantly surprised!
One of the best carne asada burritos I have ever had! Great food at a great price and made hot, fresh, and fast!
I love Raising Cane's.  I probably eat here once a week.  I'll tell ya why they're great:1) They're fast2) They're hella cheap3) The food is great 4) They give a military discount I stopped by yesterday 6-7-15 around 2PM for a sandwich combo for $5.89.  The chicken strips were hot, juicy, and crispy. The bread was fresh.  The fries were hot, crispy, and salty.  You can't go wrong with this place.  They are consistently awesome.
The food here was sooooo good! I wanted some Dominican food but being in another country, I didn't know how it would taste. The food was perfect! The menu was simple and had all the classic dishes, the atmosphere was a home-like feel and the area was very family oriented. When we travel back to Canada, we're definitely coming back here!
We are there atleast once a week!  Staff is very friendly and knowledgable. I also am very happy with Denise. She grooms our dog and he always looks great when we leave there!
The only downside was that they ran out of Green Tea creme brulee even though we ordered it pretty early on. Other than that, absolutely loved this place! I came here with my brother and his friend while I was visiting from out of town. Joanne was our waitress and she was very nice and attentive! The torched sushi is amazing, I would recommend the Ebi and Salmon!
Ambiance: Excellent, the colors and paintings of the restaurant is spectacular. The design isn't too flashy but it's very eye catching. The color coordination blends so smoothly making you look up after every bite Food: Amazing, Everything is so fresh and tasteful. You can taste fresh in each of the items they have. In my opinion that says a lot about a restaurant. Staff: Phenomenal, everyone is so friendly and helpful starting from the manager to host to kitchen staff. You guys are awesome. I recommend this place to anyone that has seen them. You must try it. Don't miss out
My favorite Giordanos in AZ! The service and food is perfection. What I appreciate about it is that it's the closest tasting pizza compared to my hometown of Chicago. We love deep dish and the crust doesn't disappoint. The sauce is well seasoned which is also something I pay attention to. This is our family spot.
LOVED our experience here.  A group of girlfriends tried the ice cream tasting challenge and had an absolute blast.  Highly recommend - big thank you to our server, Derek!
Almost walked out as soon as we walked in, looked kind of sketchy. Very happy we decided to order though. The pizza was unbelievable, I think this might have been one of the best crusts I have ever had. Thoroughly enjoyed every bite!!  Though it may not look like much from the outside, pizza here is a must try.
I found this place when I was located in Madison several years ago, but unfortunately have moved away about two years ago. Ever since I've moved away, I look forward to the summers when I'm willing enough to return to Madison and always book a massage here when I do.From my first massage to my most recent one last week, Seth has done an amazing job at being friendly, helping me relax, using the right pressure, and never cutting edges with time or services. I've had a regular massage, hot stone massage, body wrap, and body scrub. Whatever you're looking for, call up Seth for a friendly and convenient booking at good prices, an excellent 5-star massage that I haven't found elsewhere, and a relaxing time that you won't regret.
Solid Korean BBQ is this desert town.   They've got these family combo deals.  The small has way more than enough food than for only two people.  It's good to be able to find serious K-B.B.Q.
This place is amazing. I am feeling the best I have felt in the last decade thanks to this place. The trainers are amazing and every class they make sure you know exactly what you are doing and how to do it. I am also amazed at how nice everyone is all of the time it's crazy but great. I recommend this place for anyone considering working out they scale down any exercise if you can't  do the one they are doing. For example I am a long way off from doing pull-ups but they will get me stronger doing other exercises to eventually build up to doing the pull-ups.
Great food - well worth the price - portions are amazing! must visit when in LV - drink specials are awesome - awesome view of the LV strip
Situated inside the airport.  Gourmet Kale Salad with Salmon.  Very good service.  Great job.
This new sensation in Fremont will rock your socks off! And, it will, because it has a swing. A very cool swing, actually. And the freshest margaritas with the most intense flavors you're sure to taste in this town, and food. It has glorious food. Stopped in on my way to somewhere else, was actually taking advantage of the valet parking that is oh so convenient, when I decided to stop in here to not seem like a cheater (valet requires you to eat here). I'm glad I'm honest. Sat down and was greeted by a pretty girl in a cute outfit who really knows her way around a bar. Inquired about all the tasty margaritas and she explained which was tart, which was sweet, mellow, etc. Super helpful stuff there. Also threw some chips and salsa in front of me that alerted the tasted buds that delicious stuff was on the way. Thanks for the heads up, sexy, salty chips!I ended up with two different margaritas. The first was a passion fruit margarita, which was fine, don't get me wrong, but it was nothing like the next one I had. Whew. Was talking to Michelle, I think that was her name, and she recommended I try the verano de jalisco. I am a huge fan of cilantro and added to this drink it made it fresh and delicious. The unusual salt (can't remember the name) around the rim just made it all the better. Do these!I then had a side of elotes asados and it was sooooo freaking good. The plate was piled so high I couldn't eat it all. I should have eaten it all because now I want some and I realized how much I wasted. Regret.But, the great news is, I can go and get some more anytime I want!So, that's all I had there, but just what I had left me drooling for more. The ambiance, the drinks, the food, they all make for one of the best, most happening places to hit Fremont in awhile!
Wow 24/7 Sushi!!! That alone rates it a 5 star!Even some sushi place on the strip are not open for 24 hours and this place serves up a pretty good and fresh sushi and again open 24/7!!!You can probably do a Master Card commercial for this place:Aloha Special Roll...$12 on your World Elite Master CardLisa Lisa Roll...$ 9 on your Chase Debit Master CardMaguro, Sake, Ebi, Shiromi and Hamachi...$42 on your Continental Master CardFeeling stuffed, packed, brimming with sushi at 2:00 AM...Priceless!  There are somethings money can't buy, but anything else there's Master Card.Besides the sushi they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.  Locals usually hang out at this place and a good place to see some poker sharks too!
Today was the first time visiting munch and it will definitely not be my last. I had the Marv's club and it was soooo good and fresh. The bacon was so crispy, thick and delicious. I added sprouts to mine to give it a extra yum factor. I haven't made up my my mind on what to get next. Everything looks so good but I think I have to give Marv's club one more try. Lol
Harrah's is really smoky with about the worst ventilation anywhere.  But the theater has good AC.  Once the show starts, the door closes and this is a true non smoking show.  If you get there early you get the best seats (but have to breathe Harrah's air for a little bit).This is a terrific show.  Mac has got a self-deprecating style of humor that is great.  Some sexual innuendo, but still family friendly.  It is not a 'kid' show - don't let the fact you don't have kids stop you from seeing this show. His magic is fun.  I was laughing the entire time.Mac is great with his fans after the show, even for those that didn't buy his magic sets or books.  He's especially great with the kids who come to see his show.At $30, it is hands down the best deal on the strip.  I can't recommend this enough.  Go see it.
Get you some Poutine. That brown gravy will rival your grandmas! Super unique ways to serve brisket - don't pass this little gem of a place up!
Nothing to complain about. They were very pleasant over the phone. Ordered four large entrees and paid around 40 bucks. The food was good for chinese... Their crab rangoons were a decent size and very good.
My tire was low on my way to work one day so I pulled off the highway and pulled into Big O tires. I already called my job to inform them i was going to be late. As soon as I pulled in, Ray helped me right away, he was extremely attentive and didnt just check the tire that was low, he made sure all tires were good. I dont know if he sensed my urgency, but he was so quick and helpful that I wasnt even late to work !
Although we had a bit of miscommunication they came though like a real good business. They care about their customers and put them first. Got to love that it's rare now in days. Very happy with them. Will work with again.
Joes is always amazing. You shouldn't be reading this, you should be on the way here to eat! Get the onion rings if yours a rings person. They rock.
First visit here and our experience was great! Staff is great. The dentist was very good and understanding. Thank you
I had some pictures on my phone and thought it would be fun to print some if them. The Fotobar staff was very helpful. We sat at a computer and step by step it walks you through downloading pictures to their service, editing them and putting text at the bottom. I had 16 photos printed and it took about 10 minutes to get the text that my order was ready. We were very surprised by the quality of the print. Not like old fashioned Polaroids at all, these are printed on heavy photo board stock. You can print pics from your phone or iPad, Facebook, Instagram, or internet. And once you create an account you can order online! We were very impressed!
Surprised my boyfriend for his 30th birthday by taking him here this morning! Price was fair (we even opted for the photo/video package which is totally worth it), staff showed excellent customer service, and the process was very smooth and well-timed. They allot for 4 hours, but we were there just under 2 (probably because we were the first group of the day). Highly recommend these guys!
Always great service. Get a passport, best deal in Henderson. Good detail job on wife's Infiniti. Usually in & out 20 minutes.
Great Nail Place! It's very rare that you find a nail salon with great customer service! This place has it all... super friendly staff,  great color choices, and awesome designs!I booked an appointment with Tina based on the other Yelp reviews and she did not disappoint! She's extremely talented and takes her time to ensure she does a good job. I will definitely come back (already have next appointment scheduled)! Keep doing what you are doing! Thank you!!!!
Great food and service! We ordered the shrimp appetizer and got the pretzels on a kitchen error as well. Both were incredible!Dinner was the burger and beet salad for us. Pro tip: get the burger with bacon, avocado, and a friend egg. Extremely satisfying and filling.Drinks and food came out quick and the service was great. Anthony checked in with us just the right amount and was quick to get us what we needed.A great place to stop when downtown - close to the stadiums if going to a game or concert.
The vibe in this place is really laid back. The food was was so flavorful and delicious. The service was also really good. I had the Miami panini and it was delicious (pineapple is really good), a friend had there grilled cheese which was also delicious. I highly recommend.
Fantastic food.  Friendly atmosphere.  I have been here many times and it is always consistent.
This IS the spot! Great layout and very chill vibe! Staff is very friendly and helpful and the instructors take their time regardless of your skill level to make you feel welcome.Highly recommended!!
Great little park in the midst of downtown Pittsburgh. A lot of different walking trails, food vendors and a nice place to just chill with friends. Our group met up here for a little tour through downtown Pittsburgh and it was a convenient initial meeting point to get us started.There's a great view of the Cathedral of PIttsburgh from the plaza and some great potential photo's for us tourists. There's also opportunity to play disc golf here and you'll often see artists, University students, hipsters, families just hanging out in the park.The only downside is the downtown parking, although there is plenty of pay parking surrounding the plaza at $2/hour.
I came across Modern Tortilla at the food truck event in front of the chef store in tempe and I can say I am glad that I did. The food was very different from any other taco truck, and different in a really good way. Everything looked brand new and clean, the team was smiling and seemed to enjoy their work. I saved the best part for last, the food, absolutely amazing! I had the pork tacos followed by their real deal churros, which I can assure you were the real deal and delicious! I will be eating here again next time they are in Tempe.
I have become a huge fan of this little downtown jewel. FINALLY, a spot with fresh delicious food that won't break the bank. The breakfast muffins are super tasty and the wraps are divine. The owner is extremely accommodating and the staff are all friendly and well-versed on the menu. Breakfast or lunch.. this is the place to go when you work or live downtown. Period.
If I had to choose one favorite in Las Vegas this would be it! It has the best vibe, best service and best food. If you come here ask for Tina as your server. She is the best. Happy hour is where it's at too. I can't say enough good things about this place. I've been here several times and every time it's been perfect. It almost feels like you're not in Vegas but the Bahamas, hence Bahama Breeze. :) Enjoy your dining experience, it won't disappoint!
Came here with hubs while shopping,  the pretzel bites are nice and soft but the cheese dip is not so yummy... The chili is amazing and has enough kick to the tongue but doesn't roundhouse your face. I had the Mac and cheese which was really good, hubs had a burger which was great but he wished that our waitress asked how he wanted it, came out fine just the same. And the milkshakes are amazing! Get the monster size (fills your glass twice, massive portion)! Thanks again!
Our favorite place in all of Charlotte. Brought family from out of town and they were blown away by the quality of the food and service. You must check out George's!
If you are looking for absolutely gorgeous flowers and wonderful people to work with for your wedding or event then the Enchanted Florist team is the place to go. The first time me and mother in law met Moe and explained our wedding theme she knew exactly what we wanted and was able to explain how she would do it right on the spot. She was the first person that really helped us envision the wedding. Moe was delightful to work with and the flowers for my wedding were more than we could have ever hoped for! They were absolutely stunning. Moe is by far the best and I could not have envisions my wedding without her.
Great new place on Queen! Best octopus in the city hands down. Great wine and beer selection too. Our service was warm and casual and made us feel right at home and well taken care of. Looking forward to going back already :)
Excellent service from a friendly, competent stuff, and a great price.Thank you Mike Cranna!
Jerk chicken was the best I have had in Canada. 10/10 will be back for more! great service and fun atmosphere.
This is my favorite place to go for lunch! My friend and I split a Big Rig with chicken and a Pizzookie. Slam dunk!
My favorite Massage place I've been to so far. My boyfriend and I like to get weekly massages. After we went to try this place out, we fell in love with this place. We both signed up for memberships since it is so reasonably priced and loved our massages. I highly recommend this place.
Loved the vibes here! We were visiting from California and came here earlier this week and I've been wanting to come back ever since. Our server Jaclyn was amazing and seriously so sweet. Everything she recommended was exactly what I wanted. Get the beer Mac and cheese!! I love this place
I love this place!! Delicious food also at a fantastic price. You can't ask for much more than that. Service is always good too. You have to try the spicy edamame and the spicy spider roll!!! Can't go there without getting both. Highly recommend. Unless you're looking for fancy...which, I'm not.
This was my first time going and I can say that I am not disappointed and will be returning for sure I ordered the Chicago style deep medium pie and it took around 15 minutes to come. As I was waiting the owner Paul came out to talk to me about how I heard about his restaurant, and overall he was a super friendly person which made the dining at the restaurant that much warmer. Overall my experience with the restaurant was a 5 out of 5 as my experience there was good with the owner and the food was excellent.
Found on Groupon. And had a great experience. I had a facial and a massage. Chong gave me 75 minutes and it was one of the best facials that I have had in a long time. Convenient to find and ample parking. I didn't feel rushed and Chong was waiting for me. I have made other appointments at other places and had to wait. Not here, I will be back.
I was a patient here when they were An Elegant Smile and was very happy with them. The only reason I left was bc they weren't open on the weekends. I went to Dental Depot and that was a mistake. I came back and am just as happy as I was when I left. Now they're Gentle Dental, Rio Vista. They explain what is going on with your teeth, what treatment plan needs to be done, and schedule you while you're in the office. The staff is always friendly and very good at putting you at ease. On the opposite, Dental Depot (Greenway) barely gave me anything more than "You need thousands of dollars worth of work", but I could never seem get them to go into detail about what was needed and why without playing 20 questions. They were always confused that I was ready to schedule my next appointment in the office and would tell me to just call when I was ready... I'm... I was... I've missed An Elegant Smile/Gentle Dental and I'm so glad to be back! If there were to be any "complaint" it's that when I tried to establish them as my dentist with Cigna, their information was difficult to find in Cigna's system. Perhaps they're listed by a corporate phone number.
Lucky to have this Blues Spot in town. They have great beer selection, decent prices, good wait service. Owner is often around, and very nice. Wonderful spot to see live music.
SUCH A SPLURGE BUT HEY, we are already in Vegas so why not?! We ordered the hakkasan steamed platter to share and the fried soft shell crabs. The highlight of my meal: black sesame and chocolate dumplings with ginger yuzu infusion. Its such a fusion dish, Chinese black sesame Yuan Xiao with chocolate. And the presentation was impeccable.
They have the best prime rib around town. Good price great food great service all old school. Love this place great for anytime meals.  Great menu with different food for everyone and good desserts.
Just left this new McDonald's here across from the south point and it's all updated you can order for yourself it gives you cups , really easy to do . The place is clean there's a lady here named Lala that is a genuine sweet and wonderful person... they are lucky to have someone like her
I saw this show on April 8th, so it's been a while. It was the greatest thing to ever happen to me since I discovered The Beatles themselves. Everything was authentic. The songs, the costumes, their impersonations, everything was top notch. To be fair, George looked kind of old to be doing the part, but all that aside it's still a great show. So if you're a Beatles fan on a trip in Las Vegas, give this show a watch.
Possibly my favorite brunch spot in Montreal (and that's saying a lot). I got the legendary French toast, which is crisped to perfection with Panko crumb breading. It was very good, but more of a "fried" experience than French toast typically is. I loved the way it was accompanied by a beautiful fruit salad and a tiny smoothie!My friends and I enjoyed our experience so much that we went back again later in the week. The second time, I tried the gaufres (waffles), and they were probably the best waffles I've ever had! Crisp on the outside, positively cake-like on the inside, and generously topped with with fruit. My friends also highly recommended the potatoes.
Ordered the salad with an add on of steak, and I was amazed! The food here is delicious! Great place after yoga. Heard the lamb is good, so I'll try that next!
Unbelievable food for a sports bar! Great spot after work and with the family!
I went to Ilios Noche this evening for dinner. I was shocked when I walked in and realized what a beautiful restaurant it was- it was a bit of a surprise for a restaurant in a strip mall and we were DEFINITELY a bit under dressed. Regardless, the staff never missed a beat. They were extremely warm and welcoming. Our waitress Mia was phenomenal. All three of us ordered the seared sea scallops with a mushroom parmesan risotto and it was absolutely divine! There was a rich marsala cream sauce that I will be dreaming about. It was the best meal that I have had in a long time. There are so many items on the menu that I am excited to try but it going to be a challenge to resist ordering that amazing scallop dish. We will be back!
Booking the appointment was a bit of a challenge, but in this location everyone was really 100% professional and friendly. The lady at the front desk managed to reschedule my appointment in a way that was more convenient for me. They took me on time (no waiting whatsoever) and the technician was very friendly, professional and patient. Thanks for making this as easy as possible for me.
Great food and service! Best streak Fries ever! Will alway follow no matter where they move too!!!
Had a great time at Lob! The bocce course was really fun.  Great beer selection and good food.  Definitely a spot to check out!
The movers at Skinny Wimp were amazing. Efficient, friendly, and prepared with lots of supplies to protect our furniture. Allen and Gabe were a pleasure, working quickly and carefully, even in 120 degree weather.
Definitely one of the best breakfast places in Ahwatukee.  Everything I've had has been great. Prompt service and friendly staff keeps me coming back.
Located in old Henderson, Pho King Phonomenal doesn't look like much from the outside but don't let that stop you from visiting the best new Thai fusion restaurant in town. After a fun afternoon of day drinking my boyfriend and I decided we needed to fill our bellies with delicious pho and drunken noodles. I've been wanting to try this place because of the Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. We were greeted by the owner and a very friendly order taker (Leslie). We were sad to find out they had just run out of broth for the pho and were also out of the drunk AF noodles. However, this turned out to be a blessing in disguise because we ended up trying a variety of other equally delicious foods.  First up we ordered The Big Wang and it was awesome.  It came on a huge baguette and was loaded with strips of tender beef, cucumbers, a spicy (but not too spicy) Wang sauce), and Asian slaw. Side note: The Big Wang was listed as the top 11 best sandwiches you must try in Nevada. I can see why, seriously!I wanted to try the Bang Bang Sliders and figured they would be little appetizer sized. Umm wrong, they were HUGE! Set between soft pretzel bread these sliders were overflowing with tender pulled pork, siam slaw, cukes and onions, and that tasty Wang sauce. You get 3 large sliders so plenty to take home.Leslie recommended the Bangkok Burrito and we thought hey why not? Another excellent choice. This monstrously huge burrito came stuffed with curry chicken, chicken fat rice, and bamboo shoots. Again we could only eat about a third of it and in the take out box the rest went.  We were brought an order of Dirty chips on the house since they were out of the Pho and Drunk AF noodles.  They were like Asian nachos, were delicious, and we ate the whole damn thing with no apologies. Leslie also brought us samples of the homemade ice cream. My boyfriend liked the cereal milk flavor the best but passion fruit was my favorite. Total bill came to $38 but we easily got 2 meals out the deal. We're definitely coming back to try the Pho and drunken noodles soon! Like as in tomorrow.This place really is "Phoking" Phonomenal!!
Really, really, really good milk tea boba! The BEST I have found  in the Chandler/Gilbert area. And the prices are good! It's the bomb!
Check them out on meet up so Ted can help you ride that bike you bought! Road or MTB-- super knowledgable on trails and roads. Explains things and let's you make a choice if the path is right. Eases you into the sports... And then makes excellent suggestions. A plus owner ++++ loves bikes and getting others to love the sport too-- everyone get healthy and ride bikes! Thanks Ted for a tour of cottonwood
This Starbucks is actually located inside the Albertson's grocery store.As far as Starbucks go, this one is the best I've been to. I frequent this one and pick up coffees for my office from time to time when I need to get out and get some fresh air. The drinks come out fast, have yet to be made incorrectly, and the staff is always friendly, courteous, and helpful. Not much else I could ask for in a coffee place!I think the coolest and most unique thing about this Starbucks, otherwise I probably wouldn't have written a review at all, is the location. You can find this Starbucks inside Albertson's right next to their magazine aisle! So grab your coffee, a magazine that looks interesting, and tuck in. Just be sure not to spill on it and return it to the shelf!
This place is amazing. Old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good. Really busy but any wait is worth it.
This place is small and quaint,and has awesome food.The eggplant and tofu was close to authentic and they didn't add to much salt.Taste great just the way they make with there sauce.Awesome cooked and served hot  and right.The shredded pork and bamboo was great.I like the different added peppers to make it spicy.Dont see That to often in a Chinese dish.The spicy taste was great and flavor of bamboo and whole dish was great.Light on the salt was great also served hot and right.Refer this place to anybody.Service was good also.
Calling all matcha fans! You need to visit this place. Tsujiri in North York has 2 floors. The bottom floor serves dessert, and the top floor is a sit down restaurant.I visited this location for a meal. The waitstaff is very friendly and very attentive. I started with the o-matcha cappuccino. It was served in a bowl. After first sip, you can tell that they use a high grade matcha. Very earthy in flavor with the sweetness of the frothed milked made it very enjoyable.Now what to order to eat? The menu offered lots of good selection, that it was so hard for me to chose! I wanted something light and decided on the matcha unagi poke bowl. I enjoyed this dish very much. The soba noodle was nice and firm and chewy, however I wished that the noodle had more of a matcha flavor to it. Now for dessert, I chose the pancake platter. It is a matcha pancake soufflé served with a side of matcha ice cream, burnt matcha ice cream and whipped cream. The pancake was nice and light. It was filled with matcha flavor. The platter also came with a syrup, which is really sweet. I just added a drizzle to a small piece to try, and it was enough. I will definitely visit this location when I am back in Toronto for a visit.
I highly recommend eating here. All of the food was great. For side dishes I tried several but my favorite among all was the corn. The Rib eye was very tender and delicious. As far as dessert goes, there is only choice to make, the Cajeta Cake is superb.
The food was excellent and the staff was amazing! The chef sent me out a taster of their clam chowder special that day and it was one of the best chowders I've ever tasted. I also loved all the artwork and atmosphere of the restaurant. I will definitely return with friends or family (: (:
This place is awesome! Great service and good food. It's loud and that's how we like it. It reminds me of the crab shacks in Ocean City, Maryland.
I recently ate at Banderas with family members in for the Spring Season baseball games ( Go Giants). Bandera was as busy as any restaurant could be. Our waitress was excellent with so much going on. The chicken salad was the best I have ever had. It has an incredible light sweetness to it with their signature cornbread as croutons. The chicken flavor is very very good. We will return. All other entrees were equally enjoyed.
Shannon at the outside bar is our favourite.  She is friendly and always remembers her regulars.  We are closer to the one on King but we will continue to go to this location because of her and the beautiful outdoor dining. The lobster is also a hit!
Nice place to do some work on my macbook. Prices are great too. Felt like i was back in Korea.
I loved my lavender honey latte. The barista was spot on and worked their manual machine seriously. Everything I saw in there was done well- from the aesthetic to the customer service. I'm looking forward to coming back again.
Took my girlfriend to get her nails done here and Nina did a great job, the gf was really happy with the result. Not only did she do a good job, Chris hooked us up with a 20% off our total price! Highly recommend place to get your gf's nails done, they'll take care of you here.
High quality food, we always eat every bite, AND we still get to watch all the NFL GAMES!!! I recommend their Charcuterie Board, and the Spinach Artichoke Feta Dip at the bar with Austin's drinks;) Austin is our fave bar tender!!! When we  get a table, we ask for Sam or Tom's tables, because they are super attentive and funny, so the service is great. The restaurant is a higher end sports bar, and the atmosphere is fun, and totally belongs at DC Ranch.
Recently visited Casa Reyna's for the first time and had a pretty incredible lunch. Generous portions and a very creative selection of dishes and salsas. This is was easily our best Mexican restaurant experience in Pittsburgh by far.
Great food. I had the calzone. My friends had the Caesar salad and sandwich. Great atmosphere. Lots of eye candy cooks. Will go back.
I booked this place for my wedding. They did an amazing job on my nails and the gel nail polished stayed on until after the honeymoon! I liked the service so much I went back after my wedding for a new pedicure. I was kind of a 'difficult customer' with both appointments, so for me that speaks a lot to the staff that they did not give me any crap and assisted me professionally. I'm really appreciative of that.P.S. The only 1 star review for this place on Yelp is kind of untrue. While I was getting my second pedicure I noticed a diverse range of people. This place does not discriminate.
Yea, I wished there was one in VA. Meatless Mike rocked my world. On point! Husband had A Tony soprano and he was happy. Great selection.  Just awesome!!!
I thought everything was fantastic.  The food was incredible, the drinks were strong and remarkably tasty, and the feeling at the restaurant was just very upbeat and lively.  To begin we had wine and a bourbon based pre made cocktail. I really liked the ingenuity of the cocktail where you're given a bottle instead of having to wait for the crafting each time. We then had the tuna cones, mushroom flatbread, and the brussel sprout salad. The ahi cones had a nice kick with the sauce and the presentation was awesome. The flatbread had more of a pizza feel than your typical flatbread which I enjoyed tremendously. The brussel spirit salad was a nice side with whole pieces of bacon and apple rather than sprinkled as per usual. I like this heartier rendition better. The ambiance of the bar is really nice and the staff were great. I really wish I had a casual bar like this closer to my house on the west side. Prices are very high so it's not a weekly dining venue, but I highly recommend trying it out if you're looking for a new cocktail bar with amazing food on the strip.
Had a great dinner here today!!  We had an awesome seat right by the windows, which were wide open because of the beautiful weather today!  The garlic snails were yummy and the mussels and fries were to die for!  We ordered the baumande and Provençal, both were cooked to perfection!  The price is also easy on your wallet (can't beat $14 mussels and fries).  The restaurant does not serve alcohol but it allows BYOB, so our meal went well with our white wine!  Ambiance is excellent and service is unbeatable!  Our server, Anthony, is very kind, attentive and helpful!Highly recommend and would definitely return!  :)
Love this place. Had my daughter's bday here. Lots of stuff to do to change it while the kids run around. Good seating area for lounging and snacking. Management is really nice.
Wonderful food and service! Definitely one of my favorite neighborhood spots. Everything we've had there has been good.
This was the best bar we hit in Vegas. We came twice and both times was amazing. The first night James G helped us and was great. He mad a special drink for my picky wife and even wrote the recipe for her so we can make it at home! You must try any of the smoked drinks as they are a great experience. James recommend a boulevardier for me which is now my favorite drink! We were so impressed with our first visit that we came a second night to eat! Just as perfect as before. We sat at the bar again and Corbin and a second guy named James we there. You can tell this place trains their bartenders well. They are all fantastic. We had the lamb shank and chicken parmigiano as recommended by Corbin and both were amazing! As had a couple apps and an amazing Coca-Cola cake with dry ice meringue drops which were really cool! Cannot stress enough to visit this place!
Enjoyed it! Good food and service. Had "Japanese Bagel" sushi roll and Tom Kha soup. They were both well done. Will come back! Convenient location on McKnight Road.
Awesome atmosphere, incredible bartenders. This has become a regular stop for me whenever I head into Vegas.
My Tire Pressure light turned on as we were headed on our way back to LA so we stopped by to see what was up. They check for free, have a nice, cool waiting room to sit in. Turns out I needed it patched up. They came and had open communication the entire time, updating us on what was happening and their prices are awesome!
Lanae was a tremendous help in getting us settled in our new Scottsdale home. She has a fantastic eye and very creative and innovative ideas. She knows all of the local stores and trades people and had great tips for saving us money when possible. Most importantly, she was a great sounding board, advisor and mediator as my husband and I selected furniture and artwork. She is very good at working with couples (including those with contrasting styles!). We highly recommend her design services!
This was my first vegan meal! I went with the familiar Orange Chicken. It was legit. I didn't miss the chicken at all. Thank you for some great lunch! I'll be back again for sure
Out of all the places we ate in Vegas, this stood out as the best value by far.Not that it was cheap -- no, no -- but we really felt that we got our money's worth here.  Most Vegas joints are ridiculously overpriced and serve food that, while good, isn't nearly reflective of the benjamins you lay down.  (Look, I'm street!)So we started with the bone marrow and the pâté.  Oh, bone marrow, where have you been all my life when you could have been clogging my arteries?  The waiter (Michael, who was AWESOME) showed me how to smear it on my bread.  Yum.  The pâté was tasty -- but eclipsed by the marrow.  I had a Sazerac and my wife had a Moscow Mule to accompany -- both top notch jobs by the bartender.The main courses -- a Lamb sirloin for the lady, and a kilo of mussels and truffle frites for me.  Both were amazing, fantastic, to die for good.  The mussels were steamed in wine, mustard, and garlic with some ham thrown in for good measure.  The frites were served in a cone that had some decidedly non-Euclidean properties to it -- no matter how many we ate, there were still more in the cone.Listen to the wait staff on the wine and/or beer pairings.  You're welcome.We didn't eat dessert.  Because we were full to bursting on the rest.  The portions are generous, so go hungry.Five stars, no reservations.
Super delicious modern Japanese food. Intimate, casual setting. Great selection of beers. Had the most amazing curry dish. I wish we had a location closer to our home as we'd eat there a few times a month for sure!
My family loves this place! The Taiwanese beef noodle bowl is my favorite but we've have the Singapore noodles and different chicken dishes and they've all been great.
Our waiter, John, was great. There were plenty of reservation options available for dinner on Saturday night through Opentable.com. I started with a Cosmopolitan that tasted like a delicious, sweet candy concoction. John brought us some warm garlic knots that were soft little pillows of heaven. You could also dip them in olive oil and balsamic that were brought to the table. I ordered the pssta fagioli soup. It was hot and hearty. I appreciate when food is served hot... I then tucked into a bowl of pasta carbonara. The pasta was a little thicker than I prefer but cooked just right and the sauce was spot on. My dining companion enjoyed a white sangria thst was visually appealing with beautiful fruit followed by lobster ravioli. Needless to say, there were no leftovers. A great dinner option while in Vegas!
Loved this place! Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices. They also have great coffee and serve beer and wine. The only con is that they don't have high chairs. If you are with small children like we were it is a slight inconvenience but worth it.
Service was very fast! We ordered the lobster pho and the surf and turf pho both were fantastic. The fried egg rolls were fantastic as well. Atmosphere was great and establishment was very clean
I've been looking for a new deli ever since my previous favorite closed; I've been ever so lucky to have found this place. The family owned deli is a gem in a city of coal. Their customer service is outstanding especially in reference to their first time customer routine where the give you samples of their popular sandwiches. The prices are fair especially considering their portion size is equivalent to two. If you're looking for good food & a respectable loving family environment, look no further.
We just really like this place.  There is something for everyone, so long as you're looking to have fun.  I've seen adults by themselves, families, teenagers, etc.  Even the little ones have a good time.  And you can't go wrong with a full bar.  I just wish I could take alcohol into the theater.  But still a great place no matter.
This place has excellent tacos.  The prices are great for the quality and quantity of meat per taco.  The asada tastes great and free of gristle.  The pastor is great.  The tripa is nice and crispy.  The lengua and cabeza tacos also excellent.  I've also tried the chicharron gordita.  Everything that I have tried was great.  The salsa bar could have more options.  I've ordered take out and received salsas that were not at the salsa bar.  I would go back and recommend it to anyone looking for authentic tacos.  It's surprising to find it so hidden away in a residential neighborhood.  If they were on a main road, they'd be super busy.
OMG, this place is fabulous.  Had a Groupon that was due to expired so ran there to cash it in. First the place is quite quaint and very clean.  The service is outstanding and the food is delicious.  Love the fact that you can control the level of "hotness/heat" that you want in your meal.  I ordered the Salmon Drunkin Noodles...DELICIOUS!!!  I know one reviewer wanted the noodles to be crispy, but to me, the soft noodles was the perfect way for me.  The fried basil leaves added just the right amount of succulent goodness to the dish.  The salmon was seasoned and fried perfectly.   My mouth was jumping with joy with each forkful.  Grab a date, or a friend, and head over for lunch or dinner.  You will not be disappointed.   I'm heading back real soon myself.
I love sea food and I loved the Angry Crab Shack.  Wife and I came in for a date night using a gift certificate and tried a bag with 2 pounds of crab, a grilled meat platter for 2 and an appetizer of gator bites.  I'm glad that the waitress explained that when you add spice to the bag hot means hot.  We ordered mild and that had me sweating a bit.  Everything was so good.  I will definitely return.
This is my new favorite coffee shop! The moment you walk in, it feels like you're somewhere special. From the lovely decor to the AMAZING food and drinks (with ingredients from places like France) this makes Starbucks feel like a McDonald's. The lemon cake was hands down the best I've ever had. Do yourself a favor and check it out!!
I looked for a doctor referral for several years. I went into doctor clinics, pharmacist and they all said Dr White is in her own league of truly caring for her patients. Then through several general follow up appointments with other doctors I have heard 1st hand how she has saved lives with her attention to detail. I referred her to a colleague and it sounds like she helped her with a serious illness she wasn't aware of. She doesn't just push a bunch of papers around, she's aware of her patients and cares. Her staff is amazing(Tara?) She's in patient overload and is so knowledgeable and organized.
Great food, and good service. After I had called in my order and Picked it up.. I got home to realize they had given me the wrong order, I called to tell them... and since I was close they delivered the right meal to my house.  Very happy that they dis
I got seen right away for a laundry list of routine maintenance items.  Kids loved the arcade.  Prices were reasonable.  I'll go back to them.
I went to this mall a few months ago while on a school trip. Really great mall! It may just be because im used to the ones in Pittsburgh, but there were some really unique stores. Being that it is a larger, older building i really wish that maps of it were more readily available. My friend and i got lost and were 15 minutes late to our check in.
Excellent service - every plate we ordered came out so fast and our water glasses never were below half full and the restaurant was packed! We enjoyed everything we ordered - the spring rolls, tuna tataki (thick pieces of tuna!), Thai street pork, short rib ramen, and the Thai crepe dessert with vanilla ice cream and fresh mango. Well priced for great quality food. We will be back!
Dear Cuttlefish,   I am sorry we got off on the wrong foot... I was all wrong about you! I am so happy that I decided to give you a second chance, and you beyond redeemed yourself! If you read my first review I didn't have such a stellar experience, It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't what I was expecting! So, I was hoping that the second time around would be better and it was!This time around we went and ordered another bottle of my now favorite wine Sexual Chocolate, it's a Syrah - Zinfandel blend and it's frankly to die for. The bottle runs around $65.00 and they offer it by the glass as well at I believe $16.00.  This go around we decided to order an assortment of their appetizers, and I was frankly blown away by nearly all of them. The only one I wouldn't order again would be the Spicy Tuna Pops. The tuna itself was amazing, super fresh and really flavorful. The waffle cone that it arrived in didn't exactly compliment the fish. Other items that we ordered and LOVED were the dozen oysters, we got an assortment of the oysters they had that particular day and they were fresh and this time around there wasn't a trace of shell in any of the oysters! WOOHOO!The Crispy Cuttlefish was one of my fav items that evening - The only way to describe it is that it is very similar to calamari but frankly it's better than calamari. It doesn't have that rubbery texture to it and it was fried to perfection and the lemon aioli was the perfect compliment to it. Cuttlefish's take on a wedge salad is what dreams are made of! I love wedge salads but I usually am not a huge fan of the iceberg lettuce since it really has zero taste or nutritional value to it. The bibb lettuce was a welcome change of pace and the crispy pancetta, and avocado was a nice  addition. The pork  belly, the Carlsbad Mussels, Shrimp and grits I could just go on and on! Had the opportunity to meet Joey one of the owners who was very friendly, and I was really impressed when I learned that he actually cooks in the kitchen there. I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the establishment! Def worth checking out if your in the mood for some fabulous seafood, and if you love oysters and champagne Wednesday's are 1/2 priced oysters and champagne nights and they had some great live music!
This is our 1st time at any of the Mastro's restaurants.  We have family & friends in the Vegas area who recommended & accompanied this as a truly upscale & 4-to-5 star dining experience.  They were correct!  Upon being seated practically in the center of their 60 ft teak or mahogany simulated Treehouse, we asked the very crisply uniformed Captain to recommend the appetizers.  He had us create our own "Seafood Tower" and we chose crab claws, shrimp, oysters & calamari... delish!  The Lobster Bisque, Clam Chowder & Iceberg Wedge were next.  The five of us then shared a Filet, Chilean Sea Bass, Atlantic Salmon & Scallops with Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  Our Captain went over and above as he assisted us in choose the appropriate wine to pair with our culinary choices.Now.. we would come back for all of this goodness, but the Mastro's Butter Cake is one of a kind and is worth the whole meal or just to drop in for dessert after shopping.  Needless to say & in keeping with my "positively outrageously" great dining recommendations, you have to enjoy Mastro's if you're in Vegas!
Visiting Phoenix from Central Pennsylvania. Saw an advertisement in a travel magazine, was initially skeptical. Menu online looked good, plenty of gluten free selections for my wife (easy to read, well labeled). Made a reservation online, noted that one party had a gluten allergy. Arrived early, friendly staff who graciously accepted us early (we arrived about 15-20 minutes early). Did not pawn us off on the bar, but instead asked if we wanted to sit inside or out. We picked inside. Outside had nice variety of tables and a nice open fire, great "foody" smell that really drew you in. Once seated, team member came over with glasses and poured water for us. Menu was great, server came over and noted the allergy and went through the menu with my with my wife and discussed substitution options. Great drink menu, good selection. Great timing of appetizers and entrees. My wife had the salmon rillettes, which were absolutely delicious. She also had the cast iron petite chicken (with mashed potatoes instead of the stuffing). Great presentation, chicken cooked perfectly, great flavors. Best mashed potatoes that I have ever had in a restaurant. I had the beckett's table signature fork tender short ribs. Also got a side of the wood oven roasted bacon biscuit stuffing. All I can say is WOW... Truly fork tender, and truly awesome. I love stuffing, sad but true. This was the best stuffing that I have ever had. Presentation was perfect, stuffing side came in a small cast iron dish. Nice little aside, there are pig figurines throughout the restaurant. When asked, learned that folks have been ending them since they opened. Awesome little thing that is fun to check out all around the restaurant. I would definitely recommend, and hope to make it back sooner rather than later!
Bulwark was awesome! Guy who made the appointment and definitely Efrain! Great customer service and handled a big ass rat with ease! Definitely will be keeping Bulwark as my pest company!
Good food, the peanut oil is so much better for you. I got there at 1055, and they opened right at 11, the manager was super nice and the staff was super motivated to help me.Got there enjoyed my food, they threw an extra patty on my burger, which is cool since I'm a fat ass.I left came back 30 minutes later and used their bathroom, I think I stuffed up their toliet with TP and poop. So I'm writing this review to make amends for my folly.Sorry bro.
I use to work in the area and walked in on my lunch hour.  Best Jewish Bakery hands down.  The Baker and owner is amazing what he can do with his baking skills.  I love to bake as well, and know it truly is an art form.  A delicious one!!  The owner's wife is also great at recommending her favorites.  I love the Chocolate Babka!!  The best!!  Another favorite is the Almond bread that the owner's wife loves to make french toast with.  I personally love it sliced plain or toasted.  Absolutely heavenly.
Had a great time eating here. The food was fantastic (loved the cold appetiser variety platter), the service was prompt, and the price reasonable. I will definitely go back again!
This place is the real deal with a beautiful dining room, a professional wait staff, and the food and wine is outstanding. My wife loves duck and it was perfectly prepared. I had the sea ass and the waiter helped me pair a glass of wine. We laso had dessert and the waiter had the staff pick a perfect dessert wine to go with our dessert. Just perfect. You will love it.
Wonderful salon with a downtown high end feel. Call and ask for a stylist (not master stylist) and it's surprisingly affordable. Lindsay is the best, she always does a great job, remembers you, and will rush (with beautiful results) to finish you up in time to pick up your kids!
It was a really nice experience. Good ambience and relaxing massage. Friendly staff and I recommend this spa for sure.
THE BEST BRUNCH... if I had to choose where to go to brunch everyday, I would choose Heist. Cost may be a bit high but is 100% worth the fresh and hot buffet they offer. The brunch menu is excellent and food is delicious.
I come here every year to work Life is Beautiful and stay at the Plaza. I just had to give a great review for Brandon. His customer service is outstanding. No doubt one of the best I've encountered while I'm Vegas. Thank you so much Brandon for the awesome customer service.
I fell in love with Chopstick's about a year ago! The food is awesome, and the staff is wonderful too! They are very friendly, clean and well priced. Plus they don't use MSG and they have an entire vegetarian menu, including tofu options, awesome!
I went here for my birthday.  It was my first time experiencing this location and have to say I am willing to drive the distance to come out here.  The service was excellent, as a guest my experience was outstanding!!  Definitely bringing my Italian goodies with me here next time!!  Beautiful atmosphere amazing Saturday night DJ, and most importantly quality food!!
So last tues . I had a tooth extraction done by dr. Colson in Maricopa in the offices of dr. Tim Taylor. I haven't been to the dentist in 7 1/2 years so I was pretty nervous but Dr.Colson, and her 2 associates really made me feel comfortable and the actual procedure took under 30min(with just a few novacane shots) . Im finally eating somewhat on my right side(nothing hard-lol) but its almost 100% healed. I just wanted to thank dr.Colson  and her associates for her making me feel at ease and talking to me thru the procedure(i actually didn't feel a thing).
Awesome new place! Fresh sushi and a great menu! We had all you can eat and a bottle of wine. Took our time and tried a bunch of items. Everything was tasty and super fresh! Will definitely be coming back as a regular.
I've gotten a blowout here by Tomomi, and a haircut twice by Kazuma and Nuri. Everyone is very detail-oriented and I particularly like that they not only go for styles that suit your face shape, but also what kind of general "vibe" you prefer (such as cute, chic, etc.). I've had long hair for over 5 years and wanted a change - Kazuma did an outstanding job making into a bob and then styling it afterwards. In between, he gave me some general tips on how to maintain and style short hair at home.Overall, this is probably the most noteworthy hair salon I know in Toronto, at least for Asian hair. It may be higher-end in terms of price but it's always worth it given the reliable and friendly service.
Best Indian in Madison.  I've been coming here for the past couple years - the food is superb and only surpassed by the service.  On just my second visit, the manager recognized me and took the effort to have a conversation, learn my name, etc.  He's friendly every time I come in, treats me like a regular even if I haven't been around in a couple months.  He truly makes sure we have a great dining experience - and it's not just me, all customers seem to get similar treatment.  The food itself, I could go on forever - just try it yourself.  My favorites are the lamb vindaloo, madras, goat malabar, chicken saag, you can't go wrong.  Oh and the weekend buffets are a great way to try a bunch of delicious things too.
We stopped by this restaurant on a trip to Las Vegas. The restaurant is mostly focused on take out and delivery, which means they don't have a lot of tables. That's actually a good thing. It has a nice intimate atmosphere, not crowded.Because they don't have tons of tables, they focus on making good food. We ordered the Orange Chicken, Wor Wonton Soup, and Egg Foo Young, which they make fresh, unlike other restaurants.I definitely recommend Golden Gate if you're looking for good, fresh Chinese food, either for delivery or to sit down.
My friend and I came here around 8pm on a Thursday night. It wasn't too busy so we were seated right away. I ordered the pho tam nam and my friend ordered the oxtail pho. We both had generous portions of meat and just the right amount of noodles. The broth was very flavorful that I hardly had to doctor it up. It came with all the traditional sides. Will definitely be back again.
There selection in the store is incredible. They have a Keltec 308 that I couldn't find anywhere.  My 1st review was harsh but my expectations were high.  I got what I ordered a few days late not their fault someone shoots up a club in Florida the day after.
I've always loved ZuZus location and their food is always stellar. It can be a bit overrun with kids but hey what do you expect when you're directly across from the zoo. The staff is always friendly and service is prompt. The spooner is hands down my favorite sandwich. Regarding a previous reviewer who objected to being called out for brown bagging it. To walk into a restaurant and order coffee and then sit and eat food you've carried in is just plain rude. If it were my establishment I probably would have asked you to leave.
Great Dr.'s & staff to give your animals personal touch. Love Dr.'s Whitcraft & Daniels. Recently was recommended for Laser therapy for my grand pups knee pain. Very affordable & it's helping so after 2 treatments she's walking on her back paw better.
The chicken tiki masala was delicious! We've only ordered takeout but we can't wait to dine in and try more entrees!
Every time I stepped foot in this store I felt as though I had entered Stephen King's "Needful Things". I just knew between all those books there would be an item I wanted more than anything else and would sacrifice everything to have. Luckily for me the store closed and I never had to kill anyone. I fondly miss the discounted and quirky book selection. This was a fun place to waste an hour or so..
Our trip got off to a slow start, as we were seated and then waited for an extended period of time to order. However, after speaking to the hostess, we were quickly attended to with wonderful service. And to top it off, the food was amazing! If I'm ever back in town, I will definitely stop by again!
Wildflower, THANK YOU! Whoever reads & handles customer comments really cares about their customers experience and satisfaction. I've made various observations and complaints and they've obviously been talked about. Greg, the manager has done a great job implementing things. I couldn't believe when I walked in he said with a smile "Hi Glenda" Whoa!!!! Impressive! The staff is very welcoming and accommodating, "I'm particular" so if you want the best cooked eggs and bacon Daniela is your girl, consistent!!! If you want a dirty, dirty Chai Tea Latte have Iskim or Desiree make it! Great atmosphere, great food, great service. Kudos! Staff who cares and wants the customer to leave satisfied. Thanks for starting my mornings off with a smile! I know I can be rough! I'll be back!!
They have great friendly managers here and an awesome owner who is always ready to help. Every time I've been here, the response time to get my food out has been quick. And the employees are superb. Highly recommend
This place is tucked in a plaza on Clark. The inside is a small convenience store, but the larger part in the kitchen that makes insanely good burritos. Eff Chipotle, this place is waaay better. Their menu isn't limited to chicken, steak, pork, beef, or veggie burritos and tacos, they also have corned beef, shawarma, gyros, Polish boys, and burgers. The burrito was HUUUUGE and supafly delicious. Delicious food and friendly staff means I'll be back. Yay local business!!
Call ahead. You need an appointment. But $45 for 80 minutes. Can you beat that?  And the place is gorgeous.
Hefty! Hefty! Hefty! Portions that is.If you're looking for yummy, cheap food in massive quantities, look no further. Mickies is the place to be.The pancakes are monstrous!! But they are truthfully delicious. In fact I've been engaging in a scandalous love affair with their chocolate chip pancakes...(and sometimes, though less often, their strawberry pancake)...for the past few months. The relationship is a tough one that's cost me normal blood sugar levels and more importantly, friendships. Eating off the plate of my dear comrades who had themselves ordered the pancake has ultimately led to bitter disputes that never end smoothly. Ah well, the contentment I extract from each forkful of syrup-drenched, melty-chocolate-chip-covered pancake makes up for all the troubles. On a more savory note, the corned beef hash is also quite fantastic. Get it alongside 2 sunny up eggs and rye toast and badda-bing, badda-bomb, you've got one killer breakfast for yourself. One of my other go-to orders is the steak and eggs with hash browns and onions. Wowza! Now I know I wasn't exactly around in the '50s or nothin, but talk about old school diner food done wayyyy right.  Basically, Mickies nails it all. Everything they serve up has got yum written all over it. Be here or be square.
The service, the spinning salad, the prime rib.....it's all great every time we go to Lawry's.  The biggest secret is that the Rib Eye is great too!  We'll be back again soon!
The two ladies here at Concourse A are killing the 5am rush. They could definitely use another two people, but for right now they are tackling it quite well!
They do a really great job here and are clean! Always very nice & never try to up sell! :)
Favorite coffee shop in Bay Street Corridor. I am definitely a regular at this coffee shop (if not daily). There are three floors of seating, with a mix of sofas and tables. Given the convenience, affordability and quality of the coffee shop, Jimmy's is definitely a favourite amongst a lot of the health professionals and students within the area. Coffee is fresh, with a fragrant aroma and no staleness. The service is also phenomenal. All the baristas are adorably friendly and caring. The downside to this coffee shop is that it is sometimes really difficult to find seats, especially in the early afternoon. Just goes to show how popular the place is!
This is our go too place for Asian take out. The food is very fresh and flavorful not to mention the portions are big and the prices very reasonable.  Highly recommended this local independent neighborhood restaurant.
My dear love and I arrived just as the sun was going down for a quick bite after the Arizona State Fair. I was prepared to be frightened and off put by a to young too hip crowd but I was more than pleasantly surprised. Windsor is a delightful venue, comfortable and spacious and pretty with an interesting menu. We had a specialty cocktail featuring orange water, rum and marmalade and it was de-lish-es.  We also had a nice brown pag chicken sandwich and a side of mac and cheese which is almost always too ironic for me but it was very tasty. All in all an excellent experience. Parking was a hassle and an annoyance-valet parking is probably the only bad thing that the owners of this place inflict on the customers (here and at the other stores they own). That said, despite the parking annoyance we will be back. I enjoyed the entire experience and my dear love was very happy. Just remember no day but today.
I love this place! They have the BEST pedicures and the gel manicures last and look beautiful! The staff is friendly and amazing!! I would not go any where else!! Everyone is a great at their jobs and has the best attitudes! 5 star service!!!
A great place to eat hot pot! Sea food and drinks r unlimited~waiters r sooo nice! I ll hang w/ friends again and again! It's the best hot pot in Chinatown!
Black pepper chicken! It's the only place in town that has the perfect kind: real meat, real pepper, real tasty.I also love their egg rolls. The wrapper is crispy and not airy like most around town.Their rangoons aren't awful and the service is pretty speedy. This is my second fav place in Madison for Chinese. Do it, do it now!Try the Yangzhou fried rice. YUM
I have always wanted to try Ethiopian cuisine.  Glad, so very glad I did.  My wife and I love this place.  Lunch seems to be leftovers, good, but not as good as dinner.  Dinner is sooo good.  The first time we went, I was very hungry.  The smell of the delicious food is so wonderful that even though we weren't kept waiting long, I was starving by the time the food came.  I just can't put into words how good it is!The family that runs it are very very nice and super friendly.  They'll take time to explain things.I really wish this were a chain.  But it's worth the drive.  I'm writing this now because some family were looking for a place to lunch with us in Tempe tomorrow.  This is it.
I love their home-made fries.Their Lunch menus are great.
My fiance ordered my stunning custom engagement ring from Schubach based on an antique ring I already had. It was amazing. After the inital awe, I decided I really wanted the ring width tweaked to be just a bit narrower, so I could fit a wedding band with it. Beth was outstanding to work with, and they did the revisions at no cost. I am (im)patiently waiting for my new and improved ring in the mail (will update with a photo), but could not be happier with the quality and service received at Schubach. I already have plans to order my fiance's custom wedding band from them as our wedding date gets a bit closer. 10 stars if I could!
Jose always comes in clutch always a good experience walking in always provide water for the waiting guest
My wife and I have been wanting to come here after we saw their episode on Restaurant Impossible. We finally made it April 9th for my wife's birthday. The server was helpful in selecting or order. We started with a Cesar salad which the server said was enough for two and he was right.  We each had two servings of salad. Wifely ordered the veal piccata and I the veal Parmesan. It was absolutely delicious. We wanted to stay for desert but this being a Saturday night the restaurant was extremely noisy so we ordered a tiramisu to go as we could not handle the noise level anymore. The restaurant needs some noise abatement material to soak up the level of the conversations  I would love to go back but never would on a weekend. I'll have to try an early dinner on a week night. Don't write this restaurant off because of the noise level, instead plan your dinner here on a time when they are slower and I'm sure you will be rewarded with a great dinner.
It was a drab & extremely rainy day Saturday when i went to visit Montreal. I'd looked up Juliette's before heading out, stopped to ask the directions at the visitors center. The girl (AND the guy's) reaction when i mentioned the name had me sold. It was a must try the way they were almost swooning by the name... I am so glad i trekked out to this small but lively little cafe, because i sure as hell was in for a treat :DMy friends and I ordered the chocolate fondue (my fav was dipping kiwi fruit pieces in dark chocolate) and the extreme brownie( intense semi-sweet brownie with icecream and hot chocolate sauce) was to die for. I regret not having enough time to go back here again and am totally planning my next Montreal trip, based on the fact that i want to go try more of the chocolate yumminess! If you are serious about chocolate and are in Montreal, this place is somewhere you MUST go.
This neighborhood storefront cafe has fresh and delicious sandwiches.  I had their pesto bacon sandwich-- pesto, bacon, fresh mozzarella, thick slices of tomato and arugula on multigrain bread; my wife had an equally good tuna salad sandwich. The rest of their menu looks equally delicious. Pleasant and bright atmosphere.
First time here and words can't express how happy my stomach is. So flavorful and tasty. Got the Madison Bumgarner and Barry Bonds. The MadBum honey is strong but agrees with the BBQ wonderfully. Barry Bonds is simple and satisfying. Love to see the taste of Northern California here in AZ. Will be back much more! Go Giants!
To the staff at Jacksons,Thanks so much for the great food and hospitality. Lisa! Outstanding service.  Respect to the Las Vegas home of the Green Bay Packers... but...  Go Falcons! #Riseup
Phenomenal company! I had a plumbing disaster in my home that resulted in an insurance claim and a ton of work restoring my home. I couldn't have been happier with my insurance company's preferred vendor which is of course VBS. They were really the only people I trusted in the entire process. That was huge to me. On top of that, they also did some absolutely fine work. As anyone that's restored a home knows, the process is long and can be arduous with a ton of emotional investment because it is your home. The professionals with VBS are patient and understanding. They work closely with you, and you never leave a conversation feeling uncomfortable. They also only hire top employees. Not only did I trust everyone wearing a VBS shirt - I really ended up liking each one of them. And finally, my wife is a perfectionist. Their work pleased her which is close to impossible! And she wants to hire the same crew to comeback and help with future projects. I have absolutely no recommendations on how VBS can improve because they are top notch.
This sports bar is absolutely awesome. The chicken wings and Philly Cheese steak were very good. The service is second to none. There were TV's everywhere and the place was packed. We sat on the patio and still had a great view of the games on TV. I already mentioned the service, but need to mention it again. They were prompt with getting us our order and always check on us with a smile. I will go back whenever I'm in Phoenix which is about a dozen times a year.
This is like fast food for hippies.  I was staying down the street and after my first time here, I made it my goal to try everything on the menu.I feel wonderful after eating here and don't want to eat anywhere else.  I wish a Flower Child replaced every Applebees and TJI Fridays because I don't think there will be a flower child when I go back home.  The meals are balanced and although they look heavy, they make me feel light.  Quick, simple and no nonsense, great environment, and what looks like Paleo food with vegan/vegetarian base and optional added protein that includes chicken, salmon, grass-fed beef and whatever else.  Probably my favorite place to eat now.  I love it here.Nobody is "waiting" on you, you refill your own drinks and can get your own utensils, you can even study or read before or after eating here.  Plenty of outside seating too.  I love it (again).
What a fabulous place for lunch! Ate outside; staff couldn't be nicer. Had a variety of meals with my family and all  were fresh & excellent!
My husband & I stopped  in for just a drink and a snack. The place is super comfortable. Our bartender Miranda was awesome.  She served us the Boss Margs - the best I've ever had North if the border.  We're looking forward to trying dinner next time.
Is it really necessary to review a chain restaurant, aren't they all the same?  They should be, they should all be like this Outback on the South Strip.  The menu is familiar, the prices standard, the difference is in the level of service.  Conveniently located for both tourists and locals, this familar steak house has something for everyone.  I found my favorite steak, perfectly cooked, and that tasty ranch dressing the is better at Outback than anywhere else.  More importantly, the staff was very friendly and efficient.  The manager/owner came by our table at least once just to see if everything was perfect.  Despite the busy crowd, we felt the service, food, and atmosphere were top notch.
My family and I had such a nice experience here! I'm not one to try new foods and this wouldn't be my first choice. However, this place was so great! The servers were so nice and very helpful with the menus and always checked on us. The food was good! And it was served on a big platter for all to share. It was beautifully displayed and over all, I think all 4 of us left happy. The best part...the bill came out to $23!! So shocking! I recommend people to try it! :)
I love this place soooo much, everyone is soooo friendly. Been with my technician for idk how many years now, decided to follow her and I surely made a good decision. 4 stars because I know that they are still working on the interior design of the place but can not wait to give it a 5 star after everything is settled... Prices are affordable. They are def 5 star... This place improved soooooo much
This place was across the street from where I was staying when in town for a wedding.  A group of us came to dinner before going bowling and the guy who helped us was incredibly friendly and welcoming.  The ambiance in this place is really nice and I loved the fish tanks.  The tea we ordered was delicious.  I believe it was jasmine.  The sushi was good and many at our table got the flaming phoenix and that was very cool to see brought to the table.  Everyone really enjoyed their meal and our service was outstanding.
This place is great. Meats perfectly seasoned and cooked over charcoal, nice ambiance and the owner lady (? I think) is absolutely lovely. I will be back. Outstanding.
Talk about "Johnny on the spot"!!  Our A/C went out last night.  We have two units.  One is down and the other is on its last leg.  They are 17 years old.  Our home warranty company (Old Republic) connected us with AMI.  It's Memorial Day Weekend, 3-day holiday, the unit went out on Saturday night.  It's 100º outside and was 85º in our house and climbing.  Very bad situation.  I called John and left a message.  He called me back in 15 minutes and had one of his techs (Joe) out here in another 20 minutes.  The AC that was not working well is now fixed and our house is cooling.  They gave us a great quote to replace one or both units.  I HIGHLY recommend John and his crew!!  They were our saviours today!!  :)
Pat is the man! He will take care of you! Went in for a couple new tires walked out with 4 only cause they were looking out for my safety. My tires all needed to be changed and they had many options to fit my style of driving. Thanks guys!
We had a great meal with even better service last night at The Keg. Although my wife's filet was a bit undercooked, they corrected the steak and then comped our wine and dessert. Nice touch. And the atmosphere on the patio was great.
We first used Crowley Construction when we had a roof leak. Went through home owners insurance and they put Crowley on the job. They were out immediately to fix the leak, repair the drywall, and paint the entire room. They did a great job and were in and out. We were so impressed we hired this team to do 3 more jobs for us ranging from interior painting to construction of a new room. Alex and his team were awesome. Very professional and insightful. Their work was spot on and they protected everything around the project. We trusted them to be in our home in our absence. I would recommend them to all for any job big or small.
After having not much luck with my dining options during the entire week, I hit jackpot at Casa Imperial on Saturday for lunch. Casa Imperial is a fine Hong Kong style Dim Sum restaurant in Scarborough. The decor is traditional and you will find large chandeliers, lots of mirrors, large round tables and beautiful table cloths. It is a beautiful house and is frequented mostly by Chinese families. The service was attentive and they speak English, Mandarin, and Cantonese. We ordered 7 dishes for 3 people and I think we ordered too much food. It was a feast! The quality of their dumplings is stellar. I was eating and feeling grateful for that experience. It was not my first time at Casa Imperial but it was another fantastic experience. I would recommend anyone to try this restaurant.We ordered seafood dumplings with spinach, veggie dumplings with thread moss, meat dumpling with crab meat Shanghai style, snowpea leaf and king mushroom dumpling, cuttlefish tentacle with salted spicy,  fried tofu, steamed noodle roll with snowpea leaf and preserved pickle, and fish noodles with mushrooms. My favorite dishes were the seafood dumplings with spinach and the fish noodles with mushrooms. Mind you that the fish noodles were not in their menu. It was a special on that day.They currently have an anniversary menu for 10 people for 490$. I think is worth the try!Anyway, I cannot say enough thanks to Casa Imperial for providing the best Dim Sum experience in GTA!
Well done! I love a good store with a niche, and this one has it all! It's fun, it has a great design and the merchandise is more than the average! The colors of the decor, signage and displays is playful and whimsical. The candies and novelties are awesome and the mix of old and new are perfect! I stumbled upon Smeeks on Yelp, just before a New Year's trip to Phoenix. Traveling with a toddler, you have to be able to find the fun for them too. New Year's was quite different with a little one, so we chose to road trip to AZ and see what there was waiting for us there. I looked up stores, since I am a retail junkie. I have worked in specialty retail for over 20 years (not giving away my age too much) and this little gem was a good find! Smeeks has old-fashioned candies, sodas and many novelties to share with kids of any age! I loved it! They host birthday parties, offer party favor options that are out of the norm and they even have a photo booth in the store! It's a fun and exciting shop! Check it out if you haven't been! There are also two other cool stores next door. Frances is a women's men's and children's store that carries shoes, jewelry, bath and body products, gifts, toys and clothing. It is owned by the same owner as Smeeks and it is also a great store! Stinkweed's is next door too. It's a record store with a lot of soul!
Very nice people where warm and you had a welcome feeling . The Paster is young and very nice.
Tony is awesome! We booked the bike for my boyfriends birthday! From the beginning Tony was helpful answering my questions and getting us booked! We met at the Downtown Grand then went to Nacho Daddy, Atomic Liquor, Bin 702, and then ended at Gold Spike. Each bar has drink specials just for being with the bike. Tony gave insight on each bar when we arrived and was super fun! We blasted music and partied and peddled our way to each bar. Highly recommend doing this even if your a local! We will definitely be doing it again!
They finally got their act together and they offer online movie tickets.   Place is still overpriced but the movie experience we had lately was 100% better.   Great that you can reserve your seats and this place does not get too crowded.
Is it too late to sign up for the Crazy Lakes run? Because all these extra calories need to go somewhere!My friend and I both ordered the all-you-can-eat fish fry for $15. The price is a little steep for what basically is fish and chips, and after ordering, we realized that we should have probably ordered only ONE all-you-can-eat to split and ordered another salad/side...but I guess there's always next time, because i KNOW i will be back for their fish fry Fridays...sometime in the way, way future when my body has finally finished detoxing/processing all of the oils I just consumed..The fish fry came served on a bed of thick cut french fries, with a side of curry slaw and some sort of marbled rye bread.  The fish was well cooked - flakey and tender - and I thought the beer batter added the perfect crunch to the filets. YUM! The tartar sauce that came with the fish was  delicious as well!  Although the fries were amazing piping-hot, as they started to cool down, they started to taste kind of bland... but no matter, the 5 stars go entirely to the fish fry. DELISH. Madisonfishfry.com, you've got to add Brocach to your top 10!
Loved everything about my experiences here. I bought my wedding dress here and all my bridesmaids' dresses. Everyone was very kind, helpful, and professional. Great prices and beautiful dresses. Never had one problem through all the dress-choosing, fittings, etc.
I wish I could give 10 stars!!!  Scottsdale Auto Glass should be your go-to for all auto glass needs for three reasons:1. They do excellent work at a reasonable price.2. They are on time, professional, and thorough.3. Seth!  He helped me more than 1.5 hours on the phone with the insurance company and insurance's glass claims company.  He made sure I got the insurance information I needed, the windshield replaced, and even followed up afterward to make sure all was done properly and I had everything I needed.  His level of service was waaaaay above and beyond.
This is tan bueno. The margaritas are awesome. El guacamole es sobresaliente. And the enchiladas suizas are great. COME EAT HERE.
We were in Las Vegas for a few days, and ran into this small (but expanding to next door, according to the owner) furniture store in a nice shopping area. The first thing caught our eyes was a king size mattress set for $200. It is firm, just the way we like it, & looks luxurious. We lay on it, it feels great. Similar sets at department stores would cost over $800 or $900 even on sale. Next is a leather sofa set. Nice and soft leather. Good workmanship. I forget how much it is, but very inexpensive as I remember commending on it. The rest of the store has some good quality furniture at unbelievable prices as far as we can tell. Many more choices are in several catalogs. The owner Juan Carlos was very nice to talk to, fluent in both English and Spanish. We didn't buy anything that day since we were not prepared to buy, but will certainly return for something. It looks like a family own business. Juan Carlos promised to give us a good deal when we are ready to purchase. Also, he says he will beat others by a major (don't want to commit him here) percentage. Will see. But just looking around we got a good feel at this place.
Open face was great. Had green chilli beef and it was so damn good. Hot sauce has a great flavor. Clean place. Staff is super friendly. Got the desert fry bread and it's bomb. Def be back. Check it out!
my daughter and I frequently visit this lovely store. It has great items from different part of the world plus local artists. Fatima the owner is a very nice person who enjoys meeting people and putting on special events like belly dancing and henna tattoo nights.great place....... Can't wait for the henna night !!!!
Update: Found the time to take the dog to the vet myself (instead of sending others). The office was clean, new, and well lit. Everyone was really nice. I feel confident he is getting the highest quality of care and would not hesitate to recommend this clinic to others.  6/26/2012 :The receptionist---who answers the phones, books the appointments, and makes the reminder calls--was kind and a good listener. I found him efficient and polite. My sister reports that although our dog liked the vet, my sister found her condescending and brusque. My sister is refusing to go back there. However, since my dog liked the vet, I will just keep sending him there and have my husband take him.
Amazing the honey walnut shrimp was delicious!  Portions were family sized and the spicy soup was great.  Very clean and quiet.
We've enjoyed several great meals at Gallagher's Steakhouse. This weekend we were in town with our kids and decided to meet for dinner. I went on line and made reservations and requested a table for six near the kitchen so we could see the grill. Much to our surprise we were set up at the Chef's table. The Chef visited our table and provide great suggestions which turned out to be fantastic. The steaks are by far the best we have enjoyed anywhere in Las Vegas. This may not be for everyone but we love the action and the experience of a working kitchen. The food being prepared and the aromas are so great. I highly recommend a night out and great food and service at Gallagher's.
A great spot to grab a shake right at 51 Freeway Bell Exit! They recently just opened and I grabbed a shake for $3 which I would normally pay $9.99 in Hollywood. They made us try some of their pressed juices too. I had blueberry pancake flavor and requested to add spinach on it and surprisingly it  really taste like blueberry pancake. What a way to start a busy weekend with a sound nutrition!
This place is new and awesome. The bacon app is a must have! After we ate we sat outside. Artificial grass outside and plants in the center of the tables gives the allure that are you aren't by a bunch of warehouses.
We searched for a place with healthy snacks and food for our pups and stumbled upon WAG N WASH. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by ALL the associates and we were helped by Brittany (pretty sure that was her name) she was super helpful in helping us find the perfect harnesses for our puppies. She even tried them on for us. We also got a complete tour of the store. I'm so excited to come here for our pups birthday cakes! We left with some really cool harnesses and new leashes. The best part.......... Each one of our dogs got a FREE new tag! I love this place will be taking them for grooms, treats, and everything else! Thanks everyone at WAG N WASH you guys rock!
I had my first experience the other day with Mackenzie.  From the moment I stepped into this dispensary I knew that it would be a home run.The flower is delicious. You get to see what you are getting, it is weighed right in front of you eye. I tried their cartridge "Kind".  It blows Timeless and Dream Steam away. Gorgeous place with lots to look at with great stocking stuffers.  I will return. Best programs in town McKenzie was promoted so my go to person was Jason.  Quite a rock star Bud tender.
We travel between Idaho and San Diego a few times a year and because our dog is way over 40 lbs, most nice hotels on the strip don't accept her. Found this place on Yelp and it didn't disappoint. Super clean, very big indoor/outdoor facility, friendly/helpful service. I didn't worry about my dog at all for those 3 days. Will definitely use them again in the future and will recommend them to my San Diego friends who travel with their dog('s).
Scott and his team did me super right...Thank you so much Kelly and deb they stepped up to plate big time.
The TACO's here are simply mouth watering, I usually stick with the basics and just get carne asada, but the lady talked me into trying all of them and they're the tacos that are about the size of a silver dollar maybe a little bigger, nonetheless I ended up trying a fish taco, a shrimp taco, and a carnitas, as well as a carne and let me tell you the flavor is powerful, the onions and cilantro are fresh, the salsa has just enough heat to seal the deal and bring the flavor all together, this place is now one of my top five to get tacos from!
I got the flight of beers. I really liked 4, less than liked one but all and all it was a success. My favorite was definitely the pumpkin, not so much of a pumpkin flavor but more of a spice :) service was quick and nice!
My favourite local breakfast place. The portions are HUGE. The food isn't fancy at all, but just good. It's great for family. It's usually full on weekend mornings but I've never waited too long.
In the year since we moved to Charlotte, this is my favorite Asian restaurant.   I had the Beef Rendang which exploded with flavors in my mouth, wow!
Rami, absolutely gorgeous girl with the blue hair running the cash register totally made my night. She was used to the E-sports center but was at the register today, and let me tell you, it was stressful but she handled it with ease. She kept conversation and was mindful of my birthday and Groupon promotions and honored both. She was just a great conversationalist and honestly should be in management for how she handles situations. Definitely would want her on board with my business, that's for sure. Also, Manager Troy was more than accommodating with everything throughout the evening. He made sure my girls left with an even amount of prizes. Bless his heart, because that would not be a fun car ride home. There were a few games out of order, and I mentioned it to the front and they sent attendants out to fix the issue in no time. Excellent customer service. Tyler, at the bar, thank you for your understanding and outstanding customer service. My friend had ordered a whiskey smash, but it tasted more like a strawberry lemonade on the dollar menu at Del Taco. We mentioned it to Tyler and he apologized for the other bartenders error and remade a Jack N Coke, since that is what usually gets the job done. Tyler was very helpful and made adult time, much more enjoyable and worth it. Can't wait to come back, KID FREE!!
Love this coffee shop! Food is ok and the coffee is amazing! Great friendly place, service is good! As soon as I come in makes me feel Im sure not in Vegas.
We ate here DEC 17th 2017. The food is amazing. The dim sum is cooked just right. This is a perfect little hole in the wall spot . The owner is compassionate about her food, customers and staff, that was clear when we ate there. She answered any questions we had while we were there. On top of that they made me a birthday dessert while I was there, and sang  , you could tell that was out of the norm for them. The resturant is clean. Check it out! Also there is a Dutch Bros in the area too.
Meilleurs banh-mi ever à seulement 4$. Le poulet grillé (B3) est le choix sûr pour non initiés.  La grosseur du sandwich saura rassasiée les plus gourmands! La qualité de la baguette et des ingrédients impressionnantes. Vous pouvez même y ajouter des piments forts pour y ajouter du piquant!  De plus, la sélection des brevages est intéressante (ex.: liqueur en bouteille et canettes de boissons italiennes, eau gazeuse, etc.) Cependant, évaluez ce que vous faites par la suite,  car les épices et fines herbes donnent mauvaises haleine... :)
With all the talk of Rocky's, Toppers and Ian's, this place has in my opinion the best pizza... I've not tried their regular pizza, but their Chicago stuffed style is the best I've had in Madison.And their sandwiches are very good as well. They have a fantastic selection for a pizza delivery place, and they deliver quickly.
Just your typical warehouse club right?  I guess that depends on your definition of typical.  Sam's club has hours just for buisness members starting at 7:00am.  You can also fax in or go online and have them shop for you.  All you do is go in a pay for it.They have a few membership levels- Business, Gold Member and Premium.  The Premium level you earn 2% back on all your purchases.  They do give you two cards for the price that you pay, so you can go in with a neighbor and each get a card.In addition to electronics, photo lab, optical center, bakery, meat department, they also have a little know "clearance" section at each Sam's.  You just have to know where it is.  Also when they are clearancing out merchandise, the price will end in a "1".  Most common is .71 or .81.  I have picked up 5 pound bags of mixed candy for .71 a bag, and lots of other deals just by knowing this little secret.They do discount their meat the day before they need to pull it from the shelves.  They also will give cookies to children.My boys also love the cafe where they get their "pizza and drink please."  Their menu has changed  a lot lately though and I am not sure if I like it.  Prices are very reasonable though.They also have gasoline pumps outside which if you know your prices can be a good thing!If you are not satified with your membership, you can cancel at anytime and they will prorate your membership refund.  Their refund policy is really good as well.
Awesome place! Best drinks & desserts around! Must try! Awesome staff & service too! Highly recommended!
Shrimp Tempura udon and Screaming Orgasm (yikes that felt awkward typing).  Shrimp Tempura great size for the price (9.95).  Only problem I found is the tempura is placed in the soup prior to arriving at the table, and therefore it was soggy and was falling apart.  Screaming Orgasm has a small and a large option, and comes on a bed of shredded radish (daikon).  Heavy sauce but it gives it a good flavor.  Overall the service is quick, but there were two times that the communication fell apart and two items did not make it to our table without a reminder that we were waiting for items.  If you get your items and are missing anything, it is best to just assume they may have forgotten or communication broke down, so give a friendly reminder.  They did not react rudely or condescending; very apologetic and moved with haste to get it to us.Pictured:  Jhonny's Special Roll (ordered by someone in our party.  And yes, the spelling is what was on the menu).
Delicious huge slices for reasonable prices. They bring the pizza to your table and they also have wifi.
We came in after seeing great reviews on Yelp; after stuffing my face with hot, juicy crawfish, I felt another review was deserved!The service was friendly, upbeat, and swift.  The room has a nice ambience, great R&B music playing at a good volume - Enough to enjoy and groove while still carrying a conversation with my wife.  The food.  She had the Cajun Garlic Butter Salmon.  The rice was tender, the sauce was spicy - but not overbearing.  The fish was cooked masterfully.  Moist and flaky, not falling apart all over the place.The crawfish.  I got a bag with corn and sausage; spicy Louisiana style.  The heat was PERFECT.  It was hot, but I never had to stop and sit because my mouth was on fire.  Many places struggle to find the delicate balance between flavor and heat, but that struggle was nowhere to be found here.  The sausage was tender, boiled in the same juices.  The crawfish pinched apart beautifully, the tail meat came out in one smooth piece, and of course, the head!  Sweet and savory, soft and buttery.. All around, one of the more fun and vibrant restaurants I've been to!
Easily the best omakase experience in the City!   Ian is a world class talent and has an unwavering pursuit of the best quality.
Love this place! We've been here many times and have never been disappointed. The service is always spot on and the food is always scrumptious. The tortilla chips and salsas are to die for. Easily the best Mexican food in Madison!
Hell yes! I love this place. First tried it in SF and was ecstatic to learn they were opening a location in Mesa (and very soon in Tempe!) The menu is giant! Look online before you go. I get the Barry B, my gf likes the Spiffy Tiffy. Don't skip the dirty sauce and although they're famous for the Dutch crunch bread, I opt for the Sourdough because it's phenomenal.Fries are great, onion rings tasted great but I made the mistake of taking them home and they ended up a bit soggy. Obviously not their fault but just a warning to those who want to take out onion rings.I can't tell if they moved I to a struggling shopping center or if all the restaurants around them closed because Ike's is so awesome.I have been here 4 times now and will continue to drive 15 minutes for my new favorite sandwich shop!
I was completely amazed by this place, as we opted for the all you can eat option for two. We were blown away on the quality & taste of the food. It was a great experience. Each roll contained eight servings, which I didn't expect. The variety and choices were countless. My favorites were the Vegas Lasagna, Tuna Poki and Lobster Crunch. It was a delicious and incredibly filling meal. Will totally return each time we're in Las Vegas. Loved it!!
Dr. Oswald and staff are the best! I can honestly say he is very passionate about his patients and goes the extra mile every time! The staff makes it so comfortable, you wouldn't even know your at the dentist. I was referred by a friend and am beyond happy with every treatment I have had.  They are very accommodating to make anything work. I would highly recommend Dr. Oswald to everyone needing dental help! Another awesome thing is after every procedure he does, he gives you a follow up call the evening to make sure all is good! Such a great doctor!
We just had the guys out to clean the carpets....excellent job and no chemical aftersmell.  I support small family business and I will use them again.
Beautiful little cafe. Serves coffees, speciality teas and amazing menu selection of comfort foods. Just tried their Mac & Cheese and its heavenly! All their dinner items comes with Salad and a small soup option. The service is very friendly and staff are very nice and helpful. Well done.
The food & shakes are amazing!! Do the custom burgers you will not be sorry. I was in town from Cleveland and I will go back again for the burgers.
This folks are the best!!  Let me tell you how I found this gem!  Traveling to Scottsdale for family visit, recently had major repairs done on my Subaru.  Upon arrival from Salt Lake my wife smelt coolant!!  Next day I called my mechanic and they referred me to Tech Net for national referral.  They provided two numbers some beemer place that never returned my call and Richard's Auto Clinic.  Called Richard's and Lori was friendly and was way helpful, got an address and directions.  Headed over, got us in rapidly.  While we waited we're provided drinks and a comfortable waiting room.  Their customer service is top notch!!! Lori took time to help me figure out a different auto related issue!!  Very kind and thoughtful.  All said and done two loose hose clamps!  Thank God!  Invited us to friend them on Facebook and also asked we let them know when we make it home!  On top of that she let me know that if anything else happened to get the car back and they would get on it first thing Monday.  Let's hope that doesn't happen but having piece of mind that there are kind and thoughtful mechanics out there is outstanding!  Richard's Auto Clinic on the outside is unassuming but inside... the reception, attentiveness and genuineness is incredible!  If you need a mechanic THIS IS YOUR PLACE.
This pub is a thoroughly good time. I haven't seen the first floor, but the second floor is large. There is also a patio in the back. The stairs are carpeted with the British flag. The place has a nice laid-back vibe to it.. I haven't been to another pub which had music that knocked my socks off. They played Notorious B.I.G, Eric Clapton, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Queen, Led Zepellin, Ellie Goulding, OutKast, Daft Punk, back to back. It was as though the playlist was custom handpicked for me. The wall mounted big screens were airing NBA highlights. Night was made. My bf and I had Butler's Pale Ale, and also ordered nachos. Both were really good. The service is pretty good. We stayed here till 3 in the morning, and didn't get kicked out even though their official hours are till 2 am. Great pub-  will return if in the neighbourhood.
Amazing customer service, would score higher than 5 stars if possible. Received call in advance as promised and Kevin, the electrician did an amazing job. He was able to identify the problem  and fix for much less than I expected. Kevin was professional , efficient and friendly. Brian did an excellent job of trying to identify the problem over the phone and scheduling the service.  A very professional company with great people. Fan Doctor will be my go to for future repairs.
This place is outstanding.  The new management under Mr. George McGann has really changed this place around.  There restaurant is newly remodeled and a great place to eat.  There are lots of great food choices and we recommend this restaurant to all of our friends.
I love my home base Starbucks in Centennial Hills....
We love this event we try to bring more family members to this event hopefully next years ee can bring more family members and enjoy the great time with nice music great people and amazing views
I've been going to this location on and off for the past couple months and I walked in to find the place reorganized and redecorated on the inside. Management has changed over the last few weeks or so and it's a HUGE improvement. Everything looks cleaner, well-organized, and it has a more natural flow. There's a new weekday manager who is just as knowledgeable and friendly as the woman who is there on the weekends and it is nice always knowing that any of my questions will be answered without an issue.
Hands down.  THE BEST IN PHOENIX.  Take all the fancy spancy places and forget them.  This is the best hole in the wall in the valley.
I had a really fun dinner here on Saturday night with four girlfriends. This is the perfect spot for dinner before a night out. We shared several things but the highlights were the seabass, the vegetarian dim sum, the sweet and spicy lobster and the chive noodles. Skip the truffle duck. It was a huge disappointment. Cocktails were sweet and strong and the wine we ordered was great. Our server, Brian, was excellent. The macaroons were surprisingly good, albeit a bit random for a Chinese restaurant. After dinner head to the lounge and then the club. Sure to make for a great Vegas evening!
My favorite place for hot soup & a hot Philly Cheese Steak! Best in this neighborhood! Will definitely be returning for a 3rd visit!
Unquestionably one of the best seafood meals we've ever eaten. The service was impeccable atmosphere exceptional and overall experience a 10+++. Highly recommend.
This place rocks. I love candy and i have a love-hate relationship with cigarettes :( this is literally the best priced place for a carton.
Who would've thought a hot dog place would be so good?!? Not me, that's for sure! This place is simply great - hotdogs are not just for baseball games anymore and there are so many options - not just hotdogs, there's something here for everyone! I will say, I was surprised to see the line so long on a Sunday afternoon but definitely worth the wait.
My favorite Mexican food!  Unlimited Chips, Bean Dip & Salsa - delicious!  This place has a homely feel and reminds me of my Grandma's cooking.  Love the chimichangas & Taco platter.  Definitely try this place!
Just went to eat prime rib with my boyfriend yesterday. I normally go here a lot to get steak. But then prime rib I got yesterday was amazing as usual. I'm a big fan of prime rib and trust me I've been eating prime rib at different place for a long time. So far nice been to Lowry, Ellis Island Casino restaurant, And many other places. But I'm going to be honest and say that out of all the places I've eaten prime rib Jackson is my favorite. For only 12 bucks I get an inch thick prime rib. The prime rib was very soft and juicy. And it's not tough like most prime rib I've eaten at. I would highly recommend this place. The down side is that prime rib is only available on Monday staring at 5PM.
Service was just ok. Food wasn't exactly horrible but I was expecting something so much more. The pastries were good. Oh and the coffee! I still dream of the coffee... We will meet again Coffee! I gave this place 5 stars only for the coffee. Kinda wished I would of just ordered only coffee!
I ordered a dozen roses at 11:25 a.m. and they were delivered to my wife by 1:30 p.m.  Talk about fast "Only Roses" delivered, literally.  My wife absolutely loves the roses and I couldn't be happier with the arrangement they sent.  Thank you "Only Roses" for making our day special on our 10th anniversary.  Great job and I will certainly be back to order more flowers in the future.
I've eaten Thai from coast to coast and this was one of the best meals I've encountered. It's just a little hole-in-the-wall, but the service is prompt and friendly, the food is hot and tasty and the price is quite reasonable for LAS.  Highly recommend!
This place gets 5 stars because it's the BEST full-set and pedi for the price.  I know you can get a classier atmosphere in a chic-ier spa, but you're going to PAY for that one hour and when you leave, you're nails and toes aren't going to look any better than if you'd gone to TDN!  I just took my daughter there on Tuesday for a full set and a pedi and it cost me $36.00 (not including the tip)!  I was paying $80.00 for the same thing down in Tucson.  I only wish you could set appts but I won't ding them a star for this due to the affordable prices!
Okay, so its been a while since my last review.  I've noticed an improvement in the customer service so wanted to reflect this in the review. This has now become a regular place for me to get my meat.  I usually avoid weekends (as it gets busy) unless I can get there early so I'm usually in and out quite quickly. I'm a fan!
Being located inside the legendary silver snail comic book shop I should have expected greatness.  I didn't - all I expected from this café was convenience. I was blown away.  Not only was there a great variety of beverages and baked goods but specials were named after and inspired by comics,  making for some pretty unique menu items.  A perfect place to escape the cold,  draw,  or read.
The chicken was soft and tender, the fries had a lot of flavor, and the bread was delicious! Best of all, no wait time!!! Love it!
After discovering a slight mixup on the address on their paperwork, Jenni (my awesome sales person) and Anna rectified the situation quickly. I received my floor mats today!! Thank you two very much!
I REALLY like this store and it's staff. They were out of my cat's wet food once and the manager picked some up from another store on his way home and brought it in for me the next day. All so I wouldn't have to make the extra trip.  Now THAT is GREAT customer service. I don't know about the prices for anything that what I buy, but, I think the prices are very competitive. I've got pet's with special diets and the staff will help you read ingredients off the labels. They've got a good crew here. The store is always clean, they're always getting new merchandise to check out and the staff is friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this store.
Excellent service! Airpro was sent out from my home warranty company and Alex saved the day. I had troubles with my garbage disposal leaking or at times not working at all. Alex changed it out in less than an hour.
Let's cut to the chase.  This is the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh.  I've traveled extensively in Mexico and the southwest US and have not found a better chile verde.
Wow!!! What a treat....clean, friendly, delicious!!! The pictures matched the breakfast burrito!!! Great breakfast stop if you are staying downtown!!! That's my wife eyeing my frappi because I totally out ordered her! Cheers!
Bought a Groupon, called in and got a same day reservation. Was worried that they'd be booked up on a weekend. We did wait a bit, but I didn't mind. There were a lot of things to look at in the waiting area, plus you can watch people shoot off the 50cal. The girls at the desk were really helpful. Our 'instructor' was Zach. He was super sweet and did not rush us at all. *MUST*: You HAVE to shoot the 50cal while you're there!!! What an experience!
awesome experience! Those guys from sky-dive Las Vegas are great, professional and fun at the same time! I felt very comfortable and safe during training and the jump it self. I got a great video and many many pictures of me, the group in the plane and the view over Las Vegas and the canyon, for just a few extra bucks! The money is definitely worth it!  Do it!! It's fun!!
Everything you can ask for and more!  Amazing food, vast fresh pressed juice selection, and the most friendly staff in town.  Seed cafe not only delivers high quality healthy food quickly, but they do it while creating a friendly family-like culture.
Great old type "bar" bar, good folks, and good ol' Warren Stiles...23 yrs there and counting...thats a familiarity you can't pay money to get
5 stars. Just like that. BAM! Listen to me, I have an obsession with sushi. I have tried sushi in Europe, sushi in Oakville, in Toronto, Vaughan, Richmond Hill - you name it. Actually, my goal in life is to find the perfect AYCE place. This might be it...First of all - the sashimi pieces are the size of a small child. I can honestly say I ate a whole salmon and a whole tuna to ma face. They also have talapia sashimi and talapia tempura - YUMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!THE GALBI DOESN'T STOP FLOWING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And the staff is so nice - I ask for 40 pieces?? Sure! Anything I want - I AM THE KING OF THE SUSHI WORLD!!!!!!!!!They have mussels - garlic butter and wasabi mussels, which is hard to find in a lot of AYCE places.They have coconut shrimp - MASSIVE coconut shrimp. It's deep fried to golden perfection and not overly battered. Their maki have ONE layer of rice. Max 2. So little rice that I can see the seaweed through it. The pieces are exploding with fish. AMAZING!!!Spider rolls and Kaze roll are my favorite. I think the Kaze roll is the one with 3 fish in it (salmon, white tuna and red tuna? maybe talapia) - ask them when you get there, some of the rolls have weird names but they are deliciousoooo.I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO EVERYONE! ANYONE AND EVERYONE! PLEASE GO - don't listen to overly critical reviews. People have unreasonably high expectations for AYCE sushi. Kaze is quality and quantity and FREE POP. And it's relatively cheap - 20.99 for weekday dinner and 22.99 for weekend.
Food is always on point, fair prices, and very attentative and polite waiters.  Those leaving negative reviews need to quit being so damn picky and realize that not all food dishes in every restaurant is made the same, as that's what make places unique.
Been multiple times and love all the rolls we've tried and the firecracker shrimp is so addictive. The owners are a hoot and so friendly. Definitely try a vodka-soaked lychee...so good. Parking is very limited in back so you may have to get creative with where you park. I love the restroom sinks made out of woks and the music is soothing and a great compliment to the atmosphere that allows for easy conversation.
An absolutely foodie's heaven - loved everything about this restaurant - the decor, the service, the imaginative menu, the cocktails (oh! the cocktails!!!) - all top notch...Wouldn't hesitate to recommend and we will definitely be back :-)
Wayne at the Front Desk is soo helpful and kind. My family stayed here for my graduation this past weekend, and having a bunch of reservations, he was able to help us out and get everyone nearby. He was so friendly the whole time and my family felt welcomed. The rooms are very nice, newly renovated, we used the business center to print boarding passes and it worked well. Beds were comfortable and the complimentary breakfast was also nice! Thanks so much Wayne for all of your help!
We are new to the Cleveland area and Chinato is one of the reasons we LOVE our new hometown.  I was staying at a hotel downtown and would walk to 4th street on most nights to eat dinner.  Once I discovered Chinato, my husband and I ate there at least twice a week.  The atmosphere is refined and modern but not stuffy and service at the bar is about the best you'll find anywhere.  John is the BEST!  The crudos are DIVINE, the cheese course is a DELIGHT (especially the way it's served) and the pastas are FANTASTIC.  There is a wonderful food scene in Cleveland and Kack Bruell is a key part of it.  A must!!!
Excellent storage facility. Extremely clean and climate controlled so things stored stay at good temperature. They take deliveries which has been very helpful. Management helpful and friendly.
My daughter is expecting her first baby and wanted to register for her baby shower. After a disastrous experience at Target ( NO ONE knew anything about the strollers or could answer any questions we had ) and Babies R Us wasn't much better. No one assisted us in any way and we were completely overwhelmed. We started her registry there and just figured we would finish it online as it was laborious and time consuming. We went into Buy Buy baby just to have a look see as we had never been in one. Soooo glad we did! We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and was assigned a "personal shopper ", Danielle , who was awesome by the way!! She knew all the products, NO upsell and helped us with all the necessities. She made it a fun experience! Deleting the competitors registry! We are instant fans! Love this police!!
Favorite thai place in Vegas!!!! A friend and I went there for the first time because we found it on yelp, and I haven't stop frequenting it since! I have tried a lot of different items of the menu and everything is delicious!!!nevertheless, I have a clear favorite, number 38!!!flat fried noodles with egg and sweet and sour sauce...to die for!!! Totally recommend this place!!
The food was fantastic. We ordered two hard shell tacos a la carte with shredded beef and two california burritos.The tacos were big, not like most places when you order a taco and it shows up all teeny tiny. These were topped with shredded lettuce, cheese and sour cream. This is what I'm used to having and it hit the spot! I actually wish I had just ordered more tacosThe California burrito had asada, cheese and French fries! ⁉⁉ I've never had a Mexican burrito with French fries.. And I'm also from CA so the name was odd to me. I assumed a CA burrito meant there would be lettuce and avocado or something. Anyways, I digress, the burrito was pretty good. The tortilla was super fresh and the ingredients just made sense. It was different for me and I like trying new things! I'm just happy I went with it.Also, keep in mind we went 30 minutes before closing and on a Sunday. We were literally the only people in the place besides the ones who were running it. So my initial thought was-- umm, they are probably closing, it's a Sunday and they want to go home so our food might not be that fresh. I mean, I'm already trying something new and given the time and day, I was going into it mentally prepared that it might not be that good. Boy was I SO wrong. The tortilla chips with totally fresh, nice and hot in the bag.  We are looking forward to coming back!
Love this place.  It's really cleaned up and I like the open floor plan.  I had the corned beef sandwich and it was awesome.  Staff was very friendly and engaging.
Great, courteous service!!! Comfortable waiting area! My car was taken in as soon as I arrived, I was treated with care and respect...will definitely tell my friends and family about the best kept secret in Vegas...Busy Buggy!
This is my go-to breakfast Cafe. The bagels are so scrumptious, soft and warm... And the cream cheese is hand made and to die for!!! Everyone should experience the brilliance that is Kokobelli Cafe.
Discovered this amazing restaurant by accident, but I must say it's one of the best we tried so far!! It's fine dining at a reasonable price, I have had the opportunity to travel the world and taste different cuisines, here I ordered a dish with foie gras in it, which is delicacy in Paris, the chef did an excellent job with the texture! My husband absolutely loved the garden salad and the presentation. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and described every dish to us, also asked him recommendations on our drinks and loved mine. We will be definitely coming back again!
Came here for lunch, ordered the shrimp tacos. They were amazing and after eating 2 i felt like I could eat 100 more. Def lives up to the reviews for this place. Small, but so, so worth it. The chipotle sauce that comes with the shrimp tacos was the best part.
I'm not the biggest ice cream fan, but this place consistently has good service and even better sweets. It helps that I got a behind the scenes tour at their Scottsdale location and learned how dedicated they are to their business. I decided to split one of their sundaes with a friend, the campfire s'mores. It comes with 2 scoops of Belgian Chocolate (you can choose other flavors if you please), whipped cream, hot fudge, and topped with a toasted marshmallow and sprinkles. Gotta have the sprinkles. It was delicious and totally worth the price when you share it. This place is usually busy so grab some indoor seating when you see it. You can buy pints to take home with you to enjoy during these sweltering summers.
Perfect spot. We came and stayed three days in the nice clean city of Toronto. This was our perfect relaxation coffee shop each day. Coffee is delicious! And cheap. The croissants and chocolate and cookies are awesome. The people are super nice. The eggs Benny looked amazing and the salads, quiches looked delish. I would come here every week if we lived in TO. Nice music, too.  Loved.
I have to tell you the place inside is a little dark, and really needs paint. But the food is so good the atmosphere fades. We ordered the sizzling rice soup and I could take this intravenously its that good. I will definitely be back, they have take out or dine in. Make sure you try this place.
During weekday 12-4PM, It is only $23.  You don't get desert.  We went there on a Thursday.  It wasn't too crowded, we get very good service.Good selection of seafood items and vegetables.  I like the lamb,  it tasted good but a bit tough.  The soap base is just OK, but not as good as the ones at the Noodle place in Gold Coast Casino.  They charge $17 for the lamb Shabu already.  It makes this place a good deal for $23 weekdays.We went to the Rio Seafood buffet on Sunday and it was $45.  So again , it is a pretty good deal if you like seafood and go for lunch on weekdays.I highly recommend this place for shabu on weekday lunch only for $23.
Awesome food! The side dishes are yummy and the bbq was great, too. I came here with one of my college classes so we were limited only 4 meats but everything we tried was really good. I've always passed by this place but now that I've tried it, I will definitely be back!
Inexpensive neighborhood diner environments are so rare here in the Valley of the Mega Chain.  And yes, Black Bear is kind of a chain -- but compared to the dreary suburban factory that is Cracker Barrel, this place feels like it really is involved in a community.  And the food is VASTLY better than any Cracker Barrel, AND the staff, at least anytime I've gone here to the Bell Rd. location, really acts as if it is enjoying their job.  I love this place so much!  It just feels like home!
This is a nice neighborhood park. The play area for kids is great. No kids, but I notice it. I like the somewhat-hidden trail. We take the dogs to the back end of the trail and then head towards the park then back to the car.
We absolutely love the appetizers. Salmon Rillettes is a must! I saw the onion soup and could not stop myself from ordering one as well. The oysters were really fresh and started our evening with a bang. I was a little overwhelmed with the size of my entree, which was a trout. It was basically half of a trout. The cauliflower puree with white truffle was amazing with the fish though. Our server was really nice despite the fact that it was super busy that night and there were some rude diners crowding the walkway by the tables. Overall, a great experience. I want to come back!
Gabroy law is the best in the business for many reasons. Christian Gabroy is the BEST professional in the entire state upon employment matters for your business. His entire staff is very professional, easy to work with, and really care about the client. 10 star firm!!!
I had a stripped screw on my Nikon D40 so I called and asked if they would be able to get the screw out. I spoke to Tre and he said I could bring it in to see if they would be able to remove it. I brought it in and Tre was able to remove it for no charge! I will definitely keep these guys in mind if I ever have any issues with my electronic devices. Thanks again Tre!
The top korean bbq restaurant in Vegas.  I am not usually a fan of intestines but even that was choice.  For a korean restaurant the service was great (usually korean restaurants arent exactly known for their service).  The kimchee is perfectly ripened and I would recommend the soon dubu gook.
The customer service at this place is ridiculously awesome. I will forever keep coming here in Vegas because of that. This place is owned and operated by a family. They do a great job of getting you in and out quickly while still being thorough. The son's foot massages are out of this world and you can keep your own personal pedicure box ( free of charge ) at the salon which is a great way to stay sanitary. They also bring you bottles of free water if you are thirsty and the prices are great! It's next to LEE'S LIQUOR if you have a hard time finding it.
Just enjoyed a mani/pedi here and everything about it was great! They took their time to give a full mani/pedi experience and i'm very pleased with the way my nails look! will definitely be back!!
This is my go to lunch spot near work. The sandwiches and soups never disappoint. Definitely worth going out of your way for!P.S. They also make some solid breakfast burritos if you get there before 11.
One of the best Italian restaurants in a city that has several. A BYOB restaurant tucked away on the working class side of Mt Washington serving delicious homemade Italian classics. Brought my family here when they were in town to visit and everyone came away satisfied. I wish my girlfriend still lived down the street from this place because we don't get there as often as we should.
This is one of my favorite places to eat, it truly reminds me of our food back home, and the burritos are super yummy, I love love this place. Check it out
We walked into Melt. "Did you want to put your name on the list?" the hostess says with exasperation. Whoa..."Uh, yeah, how long is the wait?" pause...HUGE eyeroll..."Like, an hour. Hour and a half. Hard to say." Having just driven over two hours from Pittsburgh and being met with this wonderful attitude, we immediately peaced out of Melt. I looked down the street and pointed. "DEAGAN'S!" And sorry, I have a hard time believing that even Melt's super-hyped grilled cheese sandwiches could have lived up to our perfect lunch at Deagan's. Sometimes things really do happen for a reason, right?I really wanted the barbecue pork, but I also really wanted the pork belly brussels sprouts, and I knew I couldn't possibly devour both at lunchtime. Our waitress insisted that I absolutely NEEDED to try both, and took it upon herself to ask the kitchen to make me the barbecue pork appetizer from the dinner menu instead of the entree from the lunch menu. I've never actually liked brussels sprouts that much (it was the promise of pork belly that lured me in, of course) but these were seriously good. I guess I've just never had them cooked right--super tender and drenched in butter. Least healthy vegetable ever, but also maybe the most delicious. The barbecue pork on a jalepeño pancake was awesome too, but the brusselsprouts were lifechanging.Oh, and the beer selection here is interesting and varied, just like the menu. Our waitress enthusiastically brought us samples of anything we even pointed at on the menu before we could attempt to refuse them. I kind of wish it wasn't 2 in the afternoon so I could have had more than one...haha.I will totally make a point of coming back here again.
Back in Dec. 2014, I wrote a negative review of this store, and gave it a 2-star rating due to one negative experience. Despite my characteristic "you get one opportunity" attitude, I continued to patronize this store (because it's the closest location to my house), and I'm glad I did! Since the one frustrating experience, the staff, notably Desiree and a couple of the male clerks (whose names I am forgetting but Austin is one, and the other guy has dark hair and a beard - sorry!) have been consistently professional, polite, good natured and efficient. I have been in the store dozens of times and have had nothing but good experiences since my original complaint/review. In the past 9 months, they've more than redeemed themselves, IMO, and I'm a harsh critic with high expectations. They have earned each of their 5 stars. Bear in mind, this is not a big store, but I've been able to get all my printing, copying, and shipping needs met there.
I haven't been in to see Dr. Bakerink in a while because his office stopped taking my health insurance. I took my children to Dr. Bakerink from 2000 to about 2010 and I must say he is the BEST pediatrician ever!!  He always takes his time and explains what is going on with your child and how to make them feel better. I really miss him treating my kids however he definitely deserves 5 stars for being such an awesome pediatrician!!!  :)
Best breakfast burrito ever! I can't wait to come back to Phoenix so I can eat here again. I don't even like soy cheese but the country breakfast burrito rocked my world.. I would have loved to eat it with a fork and knife on a plate, but even in its basket the taste was amazing and I know I'll be craving it until my next Arizona adventure. Service was super friendly, my latte with hazelnut milk was on point, and the garlicky salsa that came with the burrito was pure magic. They only serve breakfast, and the menu isn't up on the board as that is full of all the bakery treats and beverages. I'd love to see a larger menu, or even some menus by the door for more accessibility. Luckily I knew about the food from yelp, so I just asked the people in front of me to pass a menu back. It's a little awkward to not be able to see a menu until it's your turn to order if others are in line behind you. Overall, great job Nami! You've got to taste it to believe it.
have gone here for years good and fast friendly staff
Gluten free friendly... the best halibut I've ever had!! My company had the pork tenderloin with a spice rub delicious! Unfortunately the goat cheese queso fundo was not gluten free but my quest said it was the best.. with blue corn chips hot out of the fryer.. going back again
Great service. Great Japanese food. I live near bye so I find myself wanting Kyoto bowl often. Great place to take someone who is new to the area.
They tested out a new breakfast menu today! I ordered the French Toast Sammich, which is a bit out of my comfort zone because I tend not to mix my food up. The thick slices of bread were cooked perfectly, nice and french-toasty on the outside yet soft and somewhat dense inside. Add a sausage patty, crispy bacon strips, a fried egg and cheese and it was a fantastic balance of savory and sweet, crispy and soft.My guy ordered the Hatch Green Chile Tri-tip breakfast, also very good. Served on a bed of hashbrowns with tortillas on the side too. As for my sons, they both got the breakfast biscuit sliders with gravy. While they were tasty, the homemade gravy really hit the spot!
Just purchased a 2017 RC 200t F Sport from Bell Lexus North Scottsdale.  Jack Stepler worked with me and did a fantastic job answering my questions all without pressuring me to buy a new car.  They also have a great inventory of vehicles to choose from.  After I decided to buy a car, the trade in process and new car negotiation was clear, direct, and fair.  Also had a minor issue with the new car and their Service Manager, Dieter Nickelsberg, was great to work with!
There is no way you can beat this price for this much food, and extremely delicious food at that. The molcajete can easily feed 2 or 3 people. I don't speak much Spanish, but that doesn't matter. I still found the atmosphere friendly and welcoming. The wait staff is always accomodating. The traveling-through vendors are quite non-threatening, and immediately leave if the police come in to eat :)
A new bakery that is absolutely delicious!! Stopped by yesterday and picked up a cheese bun (delicious), fresh cinnamon bun (divine) and a loaf of freshly baked bread. They also have kombucha and make their own granola & yoghurt - there is truly something for everyone here! (They even make homemade dog treats!) There are lots of free samples, and all of their baked goods look positively delicious. Bolo, I'll be back!!!
The new restaurant is amazing! The food is so good! I love the simplistic menu and the delicious sides. I highly recommend eating at the Tamale Store. They also support local vendors and have frozen Tamales to take home. Go check them out!
Very nice little place to eat. Service is great and food is tasty. We had the braised chicken. Love it!
This place is awesome!! I took my kids here and they loved it. The prices are cheap and the employees are sweet, enthusiastic, and enjoy the kids. They also interact with the kids well. The equipment is safe and very kid friendly but adults are also able to enjoy their time here. I highly recommend this place!!!
They definitely have a unique dining experience. I tried their scallops, albacore sashimi, carrot cake and I must say I was impressed! The ambiance here is great I have no complaints. Highly recommend trying this place out.
Dined at Gallagher's while staying at New York New YorkService was great food was greatHad ribeye cooked to a perfect medium rare Side potatoes was good as was the beet salad Will go back next time we r in vegas
Fish is fresh! Try the pork before they raise the price. Pork is must have! Clean space, nice people. For sure will go again
Small and cozy, close environment, a blend culture of japan and Italy. Interesting renovation of food. Ordered 2 appetizers as duck 2 ways, and beef carpaccio, 1 main dish of lamb rib 1dessert as matcha parfait. Lamb rib cooked as medium rare. Bill came about 68. The service is excellent. Food are fresh and cooked in time. Loved the experience, make sure you reserve the table before you go. Quite busy at night
Elixir looks a little strange from the outside, but don't let that stop you. Inside, it's a comfortable bar with great music, great food, and a great staff. The live music on Fridays and Saturdays is a fun change of pace. Check this place out if you're in the neighborhood.
Great coffee one of the best ever tasted its better then Starbucks and its a small place...I love this place nice coffee and I get too see all the woman of madison university ..
Pieces Unimagined is a shop not to be missed- they offer a wide array of gifts, decor & furnishings for any budget. My husband and I had a custom kitchen island built with them, and it turned out beautifully! We were able to design it to best suit our needs, which included some unique & complex features. The end result was solid, precise and full of detail. Working with Ky was fun, and communications were always prompt and clear. PU focuses on incorporating salvaged and vintage materials into their designs, giving each item a story of it's own. Their furnishings are true works of art, and their pieces are reasonably priced considering the high level of quality in which each is crafted.
Four of us met here for lunch so that we could try several dishes to try Portuguese food.  The owner, Lubka, told us it was the only Portuguese restaurant in Las Vegas.  We were brought rolls and our drinks came quickly.  We ordered several starters to share.  First was a half chorizo that was cooked with red wine and flame grilled tableside.Next, we had the dish Halloumi, goat cheese grilled over cypress and served with a sweet and sour sauce. Next came the snails cooked with a chardonnay white wine and garlic sauce and broiled with mixed cheeses and served with some toast slices.Next was Bacalao, a dish made up of salted cod, mashed potatoes, garlic, onions, eggs and extra virgin olive oil and served with a salad of mixed greens.  Lubka (Luby) told us how they treated the salt cod daily with whole milk to remove the saltiness of the cod so it wasn't overpoweringly salty.Then onto the chicken Trinchado.  The chicken is marinated in red wine and grilled.  It's then put in the Trinchado sauce which had a nice paprika flavor and a small hint of cumin.Then we had the Calamari curry, a bowl of nicely cooked calamari in a curry sauce that didn't hit you up front but had a nice curry tang after the fact.  It was quite good.  With the calamari, we got rice and a container of chutney.  The flavors complimented each other nicely.When we thought we had no more room, Luby insisted we have some dessert.  We went with the tiramisu.  It's quite a different looking dish from common tiramisu.  The  ladyfingers weren't like most tiramisu but there was a wonderful chocolate and coffee flavor in the ladyfingers and the mascarpone cheese made this a wonderful ending dish.Service was outstanding for the two hours or so that we were there.  We asked that the dishes not be brought out all at once and they did one at a time.  Luby came to the table and asked if it was OK to start the next dish.  She explained the dishes when she brought them and she was an absolute joy!  She's very proud of her food and she has reason to be proud!  This was a very memorable lunch with good company, good conversation, excellent food, and outstanding and very pleasant service.  Thanks to LJ and Niyen for the heads up on Vila Algarve.  I certainly expect to come back soon. I have to try some of their chicken livers and gizzards.  We opted not to do the organ meats yesterday.  That omission will be rectified soon!
Visited the Veggie House today.   The atmosphere was pleasant,  the food was good.   We ordered the slightly smoked fish appetizer which we didn't care for as it was a cold dish.  I enjoyed the broccoli shrimp, however, it would have been better with a little more sauce.  I'll make sure to ask for more next time (we will definitely come back!) My spouse loved the Gen'l Tso chicken.   The menu is pretty extensive so a return visit is a must do!
Las Vegas Krav Maga is a truly cutting edge self defense studio based on Israeli Special Forces hand-to-hand combat. The system originated with one man, Imi who developed it in the ghettos of Europe pre WWII and later fine tuned it in Israel. It is used by military, law enforcement and similar organizations worldwide. The "Tribe" is truly like family led by the ever vigilant and innovative Donavin Britt. Real life scenarios (ie disarming a knife/gun wielding attacker, plucking away a choke hold, getting OFF of the ground, getting to safety after thwarting an attack, etc) The instructors are all top notch and are truly interested in each student being the best he or she can be. Classes usually start with drills ranging from sprinting/suicides outdoors, to calisthenics to the point of exhaustion, Crossfit and even sledge hammers taken to giant tires out back. You work HARD here. Krav Maga isn't about mastering a fancy kick: it is about identifying a threat, neutralizing it and getting to safety. Though you are taught to break free from being pinned on ground, etc the focus is on being on your feet. This is not grappling.  People of all ages from children to older adults benefit from this system. After training for a while, you can test for Fight Class which involves an all day series of everything you've learned up to that point amped up. Again, instructors and students alike support one another throughout the process as they do in class and beyond. Due to a bad concussion, I'm unable to participate in most of the Krav activities and I really miss it. Being empowered as a woman (or man) and having confidence that you can defend yourself and push past self imposed limits is an invaluable gift Donavin, DC and all of the instructors provide. Plus, it is a great stress reliever to kick & punch tombstone pads and all of the off the hook drills they dream up. I'd recommend this school to anyone who wants to learn the practical techniques and add new challenges to their fitness regime. Truly miss the Tribe and hope to be among them again, soon.
Exquisite! The best tapas I've had, and the best Spanish food I've had! We ordered the lobster and shrimp paella as our large sharing entree, just fantastic! Very well designed and aesthetically appealing interior of the restaurant as well.
At 3 1/2 years old, Pepper came here because, although her other preschool teachers were loving people, she was bored, and didn't seem like she was learning anything. So we came to phoenix preparatory preschool. I have nothing but good things to say about this place. It is  obvious margot the owner knows what she's doing. Her curriculum and activities keep the students engaged. Whenever I drop off or pick up pepper, the kids are engaged in some activity or another. Pepper has learned how to write some of her letters already, is learning and excited by mandarin, and has come home bragging how she has tried some new food margot introduced and liked it. She enjoys puppet shows there, new songs, new dances, even Kung fu! Before when I dropped her off, she would be upset, now she looks forward to school. Also, if you care about diversity like I do, the kids here are from all backgrounds. That is a win!
This combination (fruit and hotdogs?) of food should not work, but it really does.I've eaten here a handful of times and it's well worth the drive. The prices are insanely low. The owner(s?) are cool and friendly. AND! I heard they're trying to get a liquor license, which would make Maui Dog even cooler than it already is! You get a card for a free dog when you buy 12. Whenever I go, it's so deserted. I hope more people will eat here so they'll stick around!Their buns are so damn good, I could probably eat my weight in them. The dogs are huge. I've had a plain lava dog, which was good. Even better the second time when I made it shaggy (and I usually hate cole-slaw). The tiki dog is good too, but I think my favorite is the shaggy lava. My boyfriend usually gets the island dog (and I usually eat some of it) which is great! The chipotle garlic mayo and maui mustard cannot be easily replicated!The tots are always cooked perfectly. I had a Horchata shave ice which didn't really taste Horchata-y, but it was yummy. The best thing to drink is their red cream soda though.. reminds me of being a kid. Next time we go, I'm going to buck up and try the spam sliders. Since my dad was born and raised in Hawaii, we ate spam a lot growing up. I have to remember to take him here some time. I think he'd get a kick out of it.
Denise is incredible! I've never had a Brazilian blow out before, and after researching it, I knew it was something I needed for my overly dyed, heat damaged hair. I'm so glad I drove to Tempe to Denise's business, because my hair is the softest, shiniest, and TAMEST it has ever been in my life! She doesn't push a sale of the products at all, and she even trimmed the unevenness in the back of my hair. She is welcoming, kind, and the service she provides is true sorcery. On top of this, the price is very modest; I'd read online that I could expect to pay $150-$300 at a salon for this service, but she charges a flat rate of $120 regardless of how thick/long your hair is. Truly amazing, if you feel like treating yourself to the smoothest hair of your life, give Denise a try!
I want to live at Veggie House. Seriously,  how does Chef Kenny do it? Lettuce wraps? Bomb. Giant bowl of miso soup? Delectable. Mongolian beef? The ish! And it's all meatless.  We ate soooo much but at the end of the meal we didn't have that dreaded feeling of "the itis" since everything is on the healthier side. Everything was served so quickly,  if you're in a rush then this spot is for you. Also if you like crazy delicious food that won't leave you feeling guilty then this place is also for you. Don't be fooled by the fact that it's vegan and vegetarian,  the food is as good as, if not better than its meat filled counterparts.  I'm mad that I'm not eating there right now. Chef Kenny, I heart your face and your food. Don't be scared when you see a face in the window at night, that's just me waiting for you to open.
Our Mini Schnauzer is up to date on her shots, except for Bordetella so she can visit a doggie day care. We were referred here by the doggie daycare and I am very happy with the service.  I called ahead and found out that they do walk in vaccinations from 6:30 to 8:30. We got there at 6:45 and while the waiting room was full, we only had to wait 30 minutes.  When it was our turn, we were in and out quickly. Thank you for the efficient service!
Being from LA where they have a lot of good sushi joints it tool a while for me to find something good in Vegas but here it is at last. I have been going to I Love Sushi for about a year now and never have i had a bad experience. Its always busy so you know the food is always fresh. My favorite roll is I Love My Ass and Spring Mt Roll. Another good item is the Screaming Orgasms and i usually ask them not to sear the tuna I think its a lot better that way.
Absolutely delicious!  Loving food once again - we had fish taco's, skirt steak and brisket.  The meat was perfection, melt in your mouth... Got to try!!!
Best Money spent on a Sporting "Event".   The games are enjoyable and it is the Greatest thing to do in Las Vegas/
My husband and I walked around downtown old Glendale.  Decided to stop in and see what they have to offer. What a cute lil shop, amazing owners, and the best part is their oatmeal cookies! If you get a chance to stop in, go for it!!!
I wanted to share my wonderful experience at Applebee's the other night, we had a long night at school so we decided to grab late dinner. Our waitress was Evelyn, she was the absolute best! We grabbed a few piña coladas with an extra shot apparently the shot was an extra 6 dollars! She was nice enough to notify us before making them just Incase we changed our mind, we didn't mind at all but we sure appreciated her letting us know. It was a busy night our food took some time but in all honesty it didn't bother us, mainly cause she was just so professional with the way she treated us and made us feel so welcomed. I enjoyed my very expensive piña colada & meal gave her a very nice tip because it's hard to find service like the one she showed that night. I will definitely be back!!!!
Great service and very nice people working there. They don't charge you for what you don't need and they're fast. I definitely will be back. My only complaint is whoever worked on my vehicle left oil on the passenger seat and my whole steering wheel when I got a cloth to wipe it down was BLACK. Thank goodness I wasn't wearing anything white because my clothing would have been covered in black oil and dirt.
Sorry for a lack of pictures.My daughter wanted sushi, so yelp led me here.  She got her $5 California Roll and I ordered their all you can eat for $25.  Now, I'm not competition eater, but he couldn't have possibly made any money off me, seriously.  I ate about five $10 rolls, my favorite being, "I need water", which was spicy but not too spicy.  I had some specialty dishes that were fried, "monkey brains", being my favorite and I also had some sashimi.  All the dishes have less rice then what I'm use to.  It really allowed me to taste more of the flavors and not just get filled up with rice.I had my camera with me, with the best of intentions, but everything looked and tasted so good, that I couldn't wait to just dig in.  Most of the sushi places I have been to, all taste the same, with very few standouts.  To some degree, we want a California Roll to taste the same, but I have been looking for more flavor for quite some time.  I found it here.  I'm hoping he'll still be in business the next time I'm in town, because I would like to be back.  My fear is that he'll continue to lose money by people like me...
Modern, clean facilities with a great view of chefs creating hand made noodles and dumplings. We ordered various potstickers and steamed dumplings, all of which were excellent and delicious.  Staff was kind and attentive. We will likely be back, and with friends.
The best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas !!! I love the shrimp cocktail , the carne asada burrito, carne asada sopes, enchiladas , camarones ala diabla , the three different salsas, and the fresh cucumbers to munch on while you wait for your food. It's very clean and the staff are very friendly . I never have to wait a long time for my food. Everything is freshly cooked and very tasty :) if your looking for some real Mexican food, go here! Trust me you won't be disappointed . I've been to a few different places and they charge like crazy but here they have good reasonable prices . There is a lot of parking space so you won't have to be driving around looking for a parking space.
I honestly loved this place. The location is kind of ehhh.. but food was good! I had the chicken teriyaki bento box and it was good! The portions are really filling. It came with some potato fried thing.. really good!
Its a nice 50's style dinner with music and games. Oh ! such great burgers. I am a vegetarian and they made almost any one of those into a vegetarian option.
Best eggs Benedict I have had! The staff were very very nice. The service was quick. I think I found my new breakfast place! Highly recommend
Large portions. Great bread sticks. Chicken parmesan was top quality.
Fantastic restaurant!  The food was delicious, (I highly recommend the Crème Brûlée) and the staff was very friendly and attentive.
T'was my first Filipino restaurant I've been to in the entire US and it did not disappoint. I love the food! Makes me feel like home.
A favourite stop every time I visit Toronto and has become a gathering place full of great memories with family and friends. Cocktails are sensational, the menu always reminds me of Sophie's Choice, I will have to leave at least one loved one behind. The Rajah's Dry Ribs usually win the day (as well as a place on most best of Toronto lists) order a bit of sauce on the side. The tile is ample and delicious and treat yourself to a side of onion rings, they are darn near perfect. When the mussels are available, they are spectacular. Portions are over the top substantial but try to save room for dessert. Never a disappointment. Fresh quality ingredients all, combined with uncommon skill and attention to detail. And a delightful low key atmosphere, a bit out of the way and better for it I think. I've never felt rushed. Fine service. My number one go to in Toronto,or did I mention that already?
I lived in northern NJ for a couple of years (which in my opinion has the best Chinese food out of any state) and this is the only place in Surprise, AZ that comes close. I have had the privilege of meeting the owner and his employees. They are hospitable and make very good food! I do not get Chinese food from any other place. Good job Patrick!
This shop is crazy cute and the family that runs it genuinely works towards the beautiful atmosphere they've clearly been able to create. I tried their jasmine green tea which was perfectly bitter (they do offer honey) and a croissant which had an omelette within it. Incredibly unique flavor and I definitely feel like going back for more. Most importantly the workers are perfectly pleasant, personal, and genuine. I'm a fan!
Tyler Sheehy was awesome!! I went to the store on Friday with my laptop that had frozen without a reservation.  I did not have to wait more then 3 minutes and Tyler resolved my issue and taught me a few things!!! What an awesome store and employee!!!
I love flancer's! It has great food and tons of options. I love their sandwiches especially- my favorite is the prickly pear chicken sandwich it's super yummy! Their fries are also super good!
In and out in 10-15 minutes. Got an amazing price and good service. Excellent choice no BS place to deal with and easy to find.
I purchased my wife's wedding ring from Rich, owner of Red Rock Jewelers about 1 year ago. He is very easy to work with, listened to our desire and created a custom ring on the spot in front of us. The ring was delivered right on time just as promised and the craftsmanship is remarkable. Rich is the only jeweler I trust in Las Vegas!
Having just moved to the Charlotte area, I found myself in need of a bedroom suite. After looking up several area furniture stores online, I found a great-looking bed at Rooms to Go Furniture's website, so my wife and I decided to visit the store.Rooms to Go has a very attractive showroom and is designed to appeal to the visual senses. Rooms to Go specializes in modern style furniture, unlike many of the other, more conservative, furniture stores in the immediate area. If you are looking for a more hip, modern look, Rooms to Go is where you want to start looking.We were helped immediately by our salesman upon entering the store. He was able to locate the bed I was interested in and assisted me in finding the appropriate mattress for it as well. I ended up purchasing a matching chest of drawers and end table. We were assured that all the items were in stock and would be delivered on 2/29 to our home. The delivery people arrived on time today and had the entire bedroom assembled within 40 minutes. They were extremely professional and efficient.I plan to make Rooms to Go my place to go for any other furniture we may need. We will be in the market for a sofa or chairs coming up and this is definitely where we will begin our search.
Atlas moved us from Oakville, Ontario to London, Ontario this past week and it was a great experience! The final cost was in line with the estimate provided. The crew was punctual, worked hard and quickly with an excellent sense of humour. Their price was extremely competitive with quotes obtained from other moving companies. Thank you!
I love this place! Friendly staff and delicious chewy boba. My top 3 is 1.) coffee milk tea with coffee jelly and boba half sweet, 2.) brown sugar milk tea with boba half sweet, 3.) red bean smoothie with boba and red bean topping half sweet.
Go korean and go Randy! Ask for Randy as your server! Amazing service and really really good food
Appetizer of cheese curds with a smoky garlic red sauce were good...very flavorful. Our 2 1/2 year old enjoyed her yummy PBJ and we were especially appreciative of the fact they offered seasonal fresh fruit as an option. The nice size bowl included mandarin and Sunkist oranges, Apples and strawberries. She also loved the corn and chicken chowder and ate half of her Daddies. My husband ordered the black rye IPA and the red ale. I ordered the porter. We enjoyed them all. Along with the cup of soup, my husband and I shared a half havarti and turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread. The avocado was very fresh and the basil pesto mayo was good too. Our waiter, Tanner was sweet and efficient. The booth was big and comfy. Overall we very much enjoyed lunch here.
My nail technician was Sofia. Very friendly and accommodating. Furthermore, she actually listened to me and did my nails the way I wanted them. I did not feel rushed and felt taken care of!!! Just what a girl needs. You guys should all try this place out!
Great place to get an oil change during work. Dropped my car off to Cody during lunch and it was ready by the time I got off. Quick and reasonably priced. Would highly recommend
I was reading the reviews and just amused at some of the negative people and what they find to be negative about.This is a small family run place that serves very good authentic chicken with fantastic rice. All of it was very delicious and to make it even better the owners are there as sweet as can be. Hard working people trying to make a business work in this city is hard enough and also very costly.People that complain about cost know absolutely nothing about what it takes to open and survive in the restaurant business.Good luck to these owners and i will order their food often.Great to have them on this side of town!
Went for my birthday dinner. So yummy! The decor is absolutely amazing. I fell in love, so classy, so chic, perfect for my bday celebration. I wanted pizza and what a good choice it was! We started with the chicken artichoke bruschetta! Excellent. Then had the four cheese pizza adding spinach. Delicious. Then they brought me a yummy dessert  I loved it!
****Service - Food- Atmosphere is always excellent!!!! Consistent every time and gets even better the next visit. The only sushi place my family and friends come to because everything is always great. Fish is always fresh and the oil they fry in is ALWAYS clean. Owner always takes time to talk to his customers and frequently checks on everything especially the people. Unlike other sushi spots that always seem annoyed when you order "All You Can Eat" , Hanabi always gives you a great big smile and always asks if you would like more. Definitely the #1 spot for Sushi in Las Vegas!!!!!!! *********
This place is fun!  The staff are friendly and easy going.  Loved that our waitress have some good menu suggestions and was very attentive ... Service was A+  tried the pulled pork tacos with a side salad.  Loved all of it.  There are two tacos and if you are hungry or have a large appetite ... This meal won't suffice.  My friend ordered the vegetarian burrito and she said it was delicious and really really filling.  The patio was open and it was a great night to relax and enjoy the weather.  The hot sauce (made by the restaurant) was really really good!  Will return.
Beautiful hotel, nice clean rooms and super comfy beds!Was selected as the guest of the day and got a complementary room upgrade, valet parking fee waived and a bottle of champagne with chocolates sent to my room.Felt like a true VIP!They do share a gym with the Sheraton so it was always pretty packed and hard to get on some equipment.Will def stay here again in the future!
We were amazed how good their pho was.  It's different as the regular pho but we enjoyed the thick broth with garlic flavor. I want to try the different food on the menu next time. They sound very good.  It's a must go place!
As a Chicago native who moved to Tempe for school they finally opened the first potbellys on 7th and Camelback. I traveled all the way there to get a sandwhich because it was a reminder of home. Then they opened the one downtown and of course I started going there more often because it was closer and thats when I began chit chatting with the assistant manage (who is now the manager of the tempe one) and he remembered my sandwich and how many cookies I got on a regular. And then the Tempe shop opened and it seemed like I was there every day! I adore how the people treat me there and the manager there is always so happy! He does a great job with his customers. My sandwich is always top notch even with the basic toppings and the cookies my goodness if I could marry a food place this would be it!
这个地方很棒，我喜欢他们的玉米棒！
Totally recommended. Top notch customer service, price and quality. Made our decision easy. And delivery by today! What?!? Thanks to Andrew & Ron!
I visited Charlotte recently and quickly became obsessed with the breakfast sandwiches at Amelie's.
I couldn't wait for this place to open and see what the food was like. The name in itself had me anticipating their opening. To my greatest delight the food was great, fresh a complete bang for your taste buds. Friendly staff and great music. Absolutely love this place will make this my go to spot for lunch. Keep up the great service guys. On the corner if Warm Springs and Amigo.
First time eating here and I gotta say would definitely recommend to friends, family, strangers, etc..We came in not knowing what type of cuisine they served and our waiter came over completely ready to answer any questions/uncertainties that we had.With their Vietnamese cuisine today we ordered:-Pho Tai (?)-Spring Roll-Fresh Coconut (drink)We didn't order much since we weren't sure so we shared the meal.I enjoyed every single bite. My favorite dish is the Spring Roll and District One nailed it. Keep it up.
My husband and I stopped here because no other restaurant was open on a Sunday in the area. We have never tried Vietnamese but after reading all the great reviews on yelp we gave it a try! The reviews were spot on with this place, it was so good! We had the fried tofu first and it was awesome. We both ordered the #88 mine with beef my husband had chicken. We also had tofu fried rice. All the food was delicious and very home made tasting. We loved our meal and the owner was so sweet! We don't live in the area but hope to come back and try different menu items!
I ordered from here and I was a little skeptical. But the food came fast it was fresh and delicious plus the driver was very pleasant. The prices are very fair 2 pizzas for 20 bucks with delivery and 24 hour service. Cant beat it. I will definitely order from here time and time again.
OMG! Awesome! Amazing! Fantastic! So happy to have this great spot in our neighborhood!
The food is very authentic! We ordered five different kinds of noodles, beef, lamb, two cold dishes, and two vegetables and four drinks. The food tastes so good! We only spend 120 with tips. If you like spicy and authentic Xian food, here is the right choice.
I just came here for the first time last week with a friend and I'm bummed I waited so long! Don't be like me and put off coming because the menu seems too fancy. It doesn't matter if you don't know what it is, it's all delicious :p I loved it so much that I brought the boyfriend back in the same week for date night! Everything is top notch here from the food to the service to the ambience. It's low-lit, romantic and BYOB! What more could you ask for? The food is fresh and super flavorful and their menu changes often. First time I had the ramen noodle bowl that came with pork belly, shrimp and a soft egg. So good. The second time I got the wagyu meatloaf that comes topped with crispy fried onions on top of a bed of goat cheese whipped mashed potatoes. Out of this world. We also had the side of honey brussel sprouts which is one of the best things I've ever eaten!! The service is very friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. Never waited too long for anything. Our table was a little awkwardly positioned which led to our waiter bumping into us a few times so he gave us a free dessert as an apology, which was a nice touch and also so good! Excited to have a great new place in the date night rotation. Seriously go- you will not be disappointed!!
Best restaurant in Pittsburgh!!!But really, I don't think I've ever craved anything as much as I crave Waffallonia. The waffles are warm and cripsy on the outside, and ridiculously soft and fluffy on the inside. If I'm going all out, I'll get the Waffallonia with bananas, strawberries, and the Speculoos icecream (just get it). I prefer to share it with someone since it's a pretty big portion. The plain waffle is also amazing and I'd recommend that too!! Basically this place is the best and I would eat this every day if it didn't have calories
Awesome food!  We had strawberry French toast..  fresh strawberry!  Just the right amount of sweet.  Also had a Reuben but the best part were the home fries. Can't wait to go back!
UMGS does an amazing job serving the community. They perform quality work and treat all of their customers like family. Highly recommend
It was huge satisfying meal..... must must come  esp during lunch time....... this is the place I wish I had discovered more sooner ...... it's totally worth ur money and taste buds..
So much good beef!  We split a 2 person package amongst 4 people and were still stuffed.  You can tell how much better the quality is here, since they are not AYCE. Service is also really good.
I finally had the chance to try this restaurant out. What an amazing time I had. Service was top notch and friendly. The food was incredible! I started with the Heirloom Tomatoes appetizer which was the best decision I have ever had when it comes to tomatoes. I can't believe how amazing this tasted. Symphony of flavors! Virgin olive oil, sea salt, mint leaves,etc. Oh wow!My main course with the chicken dish and it did not disappoint. You get almost a half chicken with corn done four different ways with whipped potatoes. Incredible.The ambiance and decor is amazing too - hence the higher price point because, well, Trump. Haha!I can't wait go to back!
I travel and always drop-in every chance I get.  Veni Vidi Vici is a great box!  :-)Everyone made me feel like part of the family as if I had been there forever, very welcoming and their drop-in policy is fantastic. Great staff, great members, great WOD's....I travel to Vegas at least once a year and I will return to Veni Vidi Vici!And if you are a local, try this place...you will absolutely love it and you will become part of their family on your first visit!
Best veggie hoagie I've ever had! Way better than going to subway and getting something bland and run of the mill :)
I've only experienced the Tempest bar. With limited time in Madison, I had a list of places friends suggested I go, and I tried to cram them all in my short trip. What I can say is that every dish I saw looked delicious (I did sneak some tastes), and I'd happily return to eat a proper meal. As a business traveler that frequents solo dining experiences, I can say that the team at Tempest was awesome. All were incredibly friendly and quite amusing. The bar, led by Nick that night, was entertaining (pony up at the bar and you'll be happy). He's a great mixologist, taught me how to peel a lemon as a garnish, and we all tried some new concoctions.  I highly recommend stopping in. My girlfriend gave a great recommendation and it's worth passing on.
The staff at Penske Auto Group are amazing! Very friendly, amazing follow up and so accommodating. I had the same experience at their BMW store. They can't control why/when a car malfunctions but they can ease the pain when it happens. I'm so grateful for the awesome service today!!!
It's a nice old school place but I loved it.   The service at the hotel was probably the best I've ever experienced in Vegas.  There is no casino and the Trump Hotel and it off the strip so it quieter but i really loved the energy of hotel guests and the staff.  I love many Hotels in Vegas but the is one of best if you are looking for a classy low key experience.
This is the best all you can eat (ayce) sushi buffer in Pittsburgh.  Great crab legs and steak, too.  With a nice clean environment.
What a gem I've found over on the west side! They have got the best pad Thai noodles around and an awesome lunch special! It's over at 3pm so if you can make it, try this place out! You won't be disappointed! Valentine has been my lunch time waitress the last few times and she is a sweetheart! All the staff is amazing though, very attentive and kind. I am a Loyal customer for sure!
I was just visiting Vegas for the weekend and a friend recommended the place. I've been to plenty of Korean bbq places and this one was one of the best. The meats were on point, huge portions, and service was great. I'd go back again next time I visit Vegas.
I've been here twice and each time I was utterly impressed. The first time I got the ramen which was so tasty, the meat so tender, and the noodles fresh and delicious. I also got the infamous pork belly tacos which lived up to their hype, and are a no brainier. The second time I got the bahn mi duck sandwich that was the perfect size, rich, and filling. Can't wait to try their brunch and sushi!!
Dr. J serves from the heart!  I hadn't received a chiropractic adjustment in more than a decade, and she took the time to learn about my health challenges & even found some that I was not aware I had.  I had severe weakness & pain in my right hand, and could barely grip, twist, or carry anything with it.  Within my 1st session with her, I immediately experienced relief & increased movement.Dr. J listens & treats according to MY needs, and not her own agenda.  I highly recommend her services!
Being from California, our standards are pretty high for good traditional delicious Vietnamese cuisine. We've tried many places and some were better than others but nothing truly blew us away until Pho Leo!!!! Pho Leo is fantastic. The staff is incredible, very helpful and kind. The restaurant is spotless and spacious. The food is to die for! Finally I have a new go to pho place in Arizona! I'd give more than 5 stars if it would let me :) we will be back for sure!!!!!!! We had the P19 pho, pork eggroll vermicelli bowl, crab cream cheese wontons. And of course we didn't leave without our traditional Vietnamese iced coffee!!!? 10/10!
Best sushi in Cleveland, hands down.  Any time I come back to Cleveland, I have to get my Pacific East fix.  Several years ago, I lived almost directly above this place and I now realize how good I had it.  I have been to their other two locations (much closer for me) but nothing beats the original.I usually keep in pretty simple with a 2 roll maki combo.  You can't beat the price and the taste is to die for.  I love their ginger salad dressing their miso is tasty.  Their standard rolls are anything but..they are quite large compared to other sushi places and always delicious.  The spicy crab roll is the stuff that dreams are made of.Living in Chicago now, there is a sushi place on every corner.  Still nothing compares to Pacific East.
It had never crossed my mind to use a car transportation service when I going to move! Instead, I was going to try to find someone to drive my car and transport it for me to my new location. When I thought about it, I felt like it was going to be such a hassle and I would feel bad asking someone to make a long drive for me. Thankfully my cousin told me there were companies that actually transport cars so I searched around my area for transportation service and found Pheonix Auto Shipping. I was hoping the workers wouldn't be awkward and I was very happy once I met them. They were very nice, they loaded my Range Rover and Escalade (two very big cars) professionally and I felt comfortable allowing them to transport my cars. Thanks for all the help guys!
Went here with my mother and stepfather. Atmosphere was nice and quiet.Our food was incredible. Mothers steak was perfectly cooked medium rare as she ordered it, and her and my stepfather's vegetables were cooked just right.I had the "Chicken Southern", which was penne pasta with peppers in a spiced sauce. It tasted incredible.We paid $90 which I think was worth the meal.
Came here as per a recommendation from a friend and after reading great reviews online.Cool atmosphere, service was great, food was betterBest of all - I had a small problem with my order and the manager compt my whole meal and brought the whole table shots!
Brought in an expensive pea coat that I've had for a few years that showed some pilling and wear and tear, but when I picked it up, it looked brand new! For about $20 to clean a jacket, definitely worth every penny! Lady who took my jacket was very nice as well!
Visit here several times a year. The food is always fresh and well stocked. They have sushi, and several seafood items for their dinner buffet. The staff is always efficient as well.
Where Humble may have fallen short for other Yelpers in the past, it surpassed expectations for my family and I this past Saturday. Let me start by saying we came in during the dinner rush on a Saturday and were able to immediately sit at the bar area. While the patio and dinning room were packed, the bar seats in front of the wood/stone oven were open! Who wouldn't want to watch them artfully craft delicious food? I could have sat there alone and been completely entertained. Instead, the staff dazzled my family and I as we relaxed and perused the menu. As far as service goes, I left over a 20% tip if that gives you any indication of how our meal went. I prefer bar service. I don't like the over-attention of being seated in dinning rooms and served. At the bar I always feel like I'm getting a more genuine experience without being suffocated. The gent at Humble Wine Bar did a great job of exactly that--great, quick service without being bothered. He took our orders, offered some feedback and even had a witty comeback for dad, who often loves teasing our servers at restaurants. My mom spilled her beer on her entire pizza and despite insisting she didn't want another pie, he put in an order and didn't charge us. Like I said, great service.My dad loves wine and pizza, which is a big reason why we came here--but mostly the wine. He enjoyed the two glasses of red he had and compared them to the varieties he had tried on his recent trip to France. I also enjoyed the rose cava and the red I tried. But really, any restaurant or bar that offers great sparkling wine or cava by the glass is awesome in my book. We ordered the margherita and soppressata pizzas to share. My mom tried the house salad and my dad and I split the caprese with prosciutto. Both the salad and caprese dish were delicious. Where some felt the house salad fell short without adequate dressing, we found it perfectly dressed. All the flavors of the spicy greens paired with the currants were present without the dressing taking over the entire dish. And there was no trace of the overuse of oil. I often make vinaigrettes at home and find a lot of restaurants do them wrong. They are actually more oil than anything else, but must be properly emulsified to taste balanced. The caprese was awesome with thick slices of house-made mozzarella, heirloom tomatoes and a light drizzle of balsamic reduction. The dish also came with two hunks of freshly baked bread and a mound of some of the best prosciutto I've had in a long time.  The pizzas were perfectly cooked right in front of us in their 800+ degree wood stone oven. The crusts were perfectly bubbled and chewy without being too thick or thin. The sauce was well-balanced and you could taste their house-made mozzarella melted on top. Something tells me I'm going to have a hard time convincing my family to try any other restaurants next time we have plans to eat out in Lakewood.
This is the first place and now only place  I've gone to get my hair cut and I am beyond impressed. I only see Erika because she does a phenomenal job. I'm super particular about how I like my hair and from the first cut I was hooked. Next time you go ask for her and you won't be disappointed.
Great job!!! If your looking for a great bagel sandwich look no further. I truly like this place. Iv tried other bagel places but no other has the back east taste like kokopelli. They are very very busy in the morning so you might have a few minute wait but they say sorry for waiting which for me that's great service. Iv read other reviews that complain but iv been here plenty of times and have always had a consistent great experience. I like my eggs scrambled with cheese and they do it for me every time without charging extra. Thank you. This place is a great start for your day.
This is my happy place. I love their Flan Patissier and the Parfait Chocolat. So much so that I cannot buy one without buying the other. But if I had to pick, I would consider trading in my lovely husband  for a lifetime supply of the Parfait Chocolat. I wouldn't actually do it because somebody has to do the dishes at my house, but I would CONSIDER it for a few seconds. There is something indescribably amazing about bitter chocolate mousse encases a spongy cake and topped with chocolate sauce. Everything I have tried here (most of the sweet stuff, haven't tried the bread) is just decadent and lovely. Go. Try. You will not be disappointed .
One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas. This was my second time dining here and once again had an amazing experience. Both food and service were excellent. My favorite dishes were the grilled cheese, bacon and tomato soup dumplings and the Cuban ropa veja tacos. will definitely be back.
In the last few months we've bought both a big sectional couch as well as a new mattress set from Ashley. We were very pleased with both purchases, and the accompanying service and delivery. We got great deals on both - Ashley has some fantastic deals for holidays and other occasions, so take advantage of them!
Amazing and delicious food. This restaurant is not to be missed. I plan on coming here at least once a week. The food here taste like real comfort food. Layered flavors,huge portions wonderful
Best Thai... I feel bad that I have betrayed Thai-E-San but the yellow curry was awesome. Disappointed that they were out of mango for the sticky rice.  Also... Caught a Wild Charizard!! This is the best spot for Pokemon hunting because it is magically located between two Poke Stops. I set up two lure modules and enhanced it with an incense and waited 10 minutes for that sucker.  Also collected plenty of ultra balls and even leveled up! I would give this a 4.5 if I was able to but because the Charizard was only at 617cp :/
This place was totally worth the drive. It's an enormous store with many quality brands. I have problem feet, and I found what I needed at the Shoe Box: a huge selection and a friendly, experienced salesperson who could scan the shelves and quickly identify exactly which models were most likely to work for me. I should add that I showed up less than 1 hour prior to closing on a weekday, which helped... there were a ton of salespeople and very few customers at that time, so it was a great time to shop.This is not the most fashionable store, but it isn't bad... for women they carry a lot of brands including all the athletic brands, plus Keen, Clarks, Naturalizer, Born, and most of the other comfortable/healthy women's shoe brands. I didn't try the Bargain Room but the regular section prices are about what you would expect elsewhere. If you want super cheap shoes, go to DSW. If you want quality, selection, and service... especially if you have hard-to-fit feet, come here.
Awesome speakeasy tucked in by the tracks in Pineville. Amazing beer selection. Bartenders were friendly and knowledgeable. Had awesome suggestions and even tastes to make sure. Must visit for any microbrew fan. Best part is you can purchase beers to take home. Have a sealing station right at the bar, epic. Even heard a train pass by and blow the horn lol completed the entire experience.
Definitely the best place to get your car washed. They pay attention to all of the details the other chain companies do not. Everyone is always beyond friendly which is a rarity nowadays.
Wow! Who knew Vegas had Malaysian food. We had been craving it and the Roti Canai and Rendangs satisfied those cravings. Very friendly service.
Reading the reviews for this place cracks me up, mostly because they are all true, the 1 stars and the 5 stars...too funny. Yes, the biz operates in a very counter intuitive manner, I mean come on, cash only (they do now have an ATM at the front, after 70+ years in biz...), no restroom, the employees are anything but friendly, even when they call your number, they say "24", not even "number 24" or "now serving..." just the number, and in such a disgusted tone. And nothing but outside seating in the scorching heat (although they do have misters)? But really, would any other tactics do this place justice? The place is nasty, in a nasty part of town, what, should they have spent some money unnecessarily, given the place a little spit shine, made it pretty, trained the staff to be more chick fil A like? No across the board, their biz is perfectly in line with the totality of their circumstances.  Now, where I do disagree with the 1 star reviews is the food. It may be nothing more than "glorified fish sticks" accompanied by "watered down ketchup", but dammit that watered down ketchup has el pato sauce in it and the fish sticks are much larger than the kind you buy at the store, plus they are deep fried. So five stars for the food! My wife gets so angry because this is my chosen place for birthday lunch each year. I must admit, there is a component of nostalgia to my five stars and that would be due to the re-enactment of cherished moments of my youth (as I shed a lone tear...) because Pete's was one of the few strong holds that continued to offer Dr. Slice after many others stopped. Anyone remember Dr. Slice? How they ever stopped making that, I will never know. Any who, should I ever find myself on death row requesting my last meal, Pete's Fish and Chips will lay claim to that honor!
I came here on the spur of a moment invitation. When you first walk in the spa it is already calming with a very nice reception area. They have lockers for your things and give you a comfy robe-slippers.I was receiving the 80 min jasmine flower detox & massage. Brandi was my therapist & she was amazing!!! The detox wrap smelt wonderful and really felt as though it was getting the toxins out. I showered and then it was massage time. I have been looking for a good massage for sometime & only wish she worked in Atlanta!!! I was very specific in what I wanted and she liked that. She gave me good deep pressure in my traps and problem areas, but lighter pressure in the less tense areas. I would recommend her to anyone & will definitely see her whenever I'm in Vegas!!!
Service and food were amazing! It's such a pain to try and eat out with as many dietary restrictions as I have, but out waiter was extremely helpful and patient with my questions. Can't wait to go back! :)
First time here and it won't be the last.  This place is great! Services was excellent and the food was awesome! I love chile rellenos and theirs were fresh and amazing! You have to try the guacamole! The margaritas were good too. You should try this place if you haven't been before!
Fun atmosphere! Friendly staff. This places makes going to the dentist not scary for kiddos... glad we found this place!
Great local institution. Note the hours listed are for the office. Store Hours are:Monday-Friday: 10:30am-6:00pmSaturday: 10:00am-5:00pmSunday: 10:00am-4:00pmFresh dairy product's, so they last the longest in the fridge. Best buttermilk and seasonal Egg Nog bar none.
Loved the atmosphere. Daughter took me here and would recommend people to try it!  I had the mango fruit smoothie and was full of yumminess! The place is cute and atmosphere is nice to sit and chat with your friends.
I'm giving this place 5 stars not because it's perfect, but because I love it.  I have been there twice, and both times I had a great experience.  To be fair,  both times were during a quiet time (sunday evening), but I found nothing lacking.  Since the place is indoor/outdoors, there is no air conditioning, but the server was happy to point a fan in our direction when we asked, and kept our water glasses full the whole time.  She was attentive without being annoying, and as I former server I am hyper aware of the quality of service at an establishment.  Food was timed perfectly and the portions were great - I kept some for lunch the next day.  The sangria was lovely - clearly made with good wine - and the calamari appetizer was fresh and tender.  My companion had a tikka masala pizza and I had the Madras chicken.  It was great - it had just enough heat to be flavourful without being overly spicey.  This was the perfect place to have dinner after seeing the Picasso exhibition at the AGO, and I'm really glad we chose this place.
I have been fortunate enough to meet and get to know Matt on a personal level which is why I am posting this for all property owners that when you look for someone to manage a huge investment such as properties, there is no better person to entrust them to than Matt. He is a standup guy that truly understands the needs of a property owner as well as the needs of a renter and does his best to mitigate between the two. As a property owner, having someone rent your home is very personal because you invested so much plus the community and its residents will be affected by who rents in your property and Matt understands this and definitely someone you can entrust to put you at ease and make sure your properties are in great hands and same goes for renters, very professional and thorough and I look forward to giving him my business pretty soon and there's no one else I would feel more comfortable entrusting the proper care of my home than with Matt and his company.
My family and I stopped here and we were all very happy with the food. We stopped in at 5:30 on a Sunday evening. It wasn't busy so we were able to get a table right away. Service was good, food was great! Just wish it was closer to where we live.
Great place to watch a movie. Love the reclining seats and all the extra room compared to other theaters. Last time I went, I ordered pizza which was delivered to my seat. It was surprisingly good and inexpensive
Fresher noodles you may not find in this town, I tried the steamed vegetable dumplings and the chicken noodle soup - loved it! But careful the portions are big but the staff box it nicely and it still that's great next day :)Also the mango bubble tea was tasty.
Great movie theatre. I love the touch screen soda machine. No refills sucks though. Popcorn is pretty expensive, but who cares. I always go here to watch movies! Its great here, you should come if you're in the area.
Had a late lunch here today, the service was great. He was friendly, quick, and helpful when I asked what was in the veggie pho, he went to ask the chef what's in it. The veggie pho was amazing, the best by far I've had in the Phoenix area! Flavorful, not too salty, and with fresh veggies and jalapeños to go in it. My boyfriend enjoyed the shrimp spring roll things and his shrimp pho as well. We will definitely go back next time we want pho!
The food was awesome!  The house oysters were delicious, we ordered a 2nd order.  The bone marrow soup was crazy big and the broth was great to sip on.  The belly buns were a good appetizer.  The carpaccio had a ton of flavor but I thought the slices were too big since it was hard to cut into smaller sizes with just a fork.
Absolutely no negatives. Great service,great food, cozy quiet environment. I will recommend this gem to anyone who asks.
This was best Korean BBQ I've ever tasted and the service was probably the best service I've ever had. The only problem with this restaurant is they don't take reservations and the wait, they take your number down and call you later, so if you come late night you might be waiting for awhile. Other than that the meat quality was perfect and try all of the side dishes because they compliment the meat very well. This is my new favorite place.
Their staff is always helpful and friendly.  Great prices on western and workwear.  Had adequate supplies of ammo this summer where other places were cleaned out.
Love their food and their prices. The owners and staff are very friendly. Their specials are great too. Their pizza and wings are my favorite in Vegas.
The owner, Judy, was very knowledgeable and friendly. Amazing product and prices. I won't be going anywhere else!
Today was my very first threading experience. Julie made me feel comfortable with her 12 years of experience. The salon was clean and she sanitized right before working with me. It wasn't nearly as painful as I expected and Julie was sure to check in with me regularly. I'm extremely happy with the results and intend to see Julie many more threadings to come. Thank you!
I went with my husband and my parents and this show did not dissapoint! My dad and I are the Beatles fans, but my hubby and mom even thought it was a really great show.  The guys can really sing and they have a good variety of songs.
SLC Realty was a great place to rent from while I was at Pitt. Scott went out of his way to help with any issues we had. Maintenance request were always taken care of within 24 hours. They kept their properties in great condition and rent was affordable. All bedrooms were fully furnished which took a lot of stress of moving into and out of the house. I would definitely recommend them to anyone moving to the Oakland area.
Food was amazing & infusion cocktails were unique & wife wanted to try them all..Parking was a but awkward but I think that was cause of construction.. For opening night the service & food were amazing only can imagine it getting better.. We will be back.. Maybe this weekend!
Purchased a second hand cover for my gears and it was cheap and done quickly. They also pumped up my tires.
Robin is the BEST! The salon is beautiful! I am always pleased with my cut and color when I leave.  All the stylists do a great job here.
By far the best experience I've ever had! I deal with a lot of pain (neck, shoulders, back...and Fibromyalgia)...and my job is very physical (OT). I had come to him after nearly 2 months of progressive debility, with 5 days of barely walking.  I felt like my world was falling apart! All the things I've loved to do seemed like they were quickly fading away. Since acupuncture worked well in the past I thought I would try again...and I am so glad!! Ron takes a thorough evaluation, attentively listens, and gets right to work. Not only did he deal with the neck and back, but migraine issues as well. Though it took approximately 90 minutes(first session)  I was so relaxed that it truly seemed like 3 hours....and I walked out WITHOUT limping! To top everything off, he has a sliding scale fee so everyone can afford treatment. This is a practitioner of outstanding quality and has passion for his craft. As a therapist,( and client) I would encourage a session...or 2 or more!
Good drink selection and great food options. Always a nice seafood entree and good appetizers. Food is consistent and quality is high. We love this place!  Not too loud and servers are very attentive. We love the Shrimp and. Scallop entree and crab cakes. You can always remove sauces or butter if you prefer.
Went in for the first time recently and it was a great experience. Friendly people and great service. David did my gel manicure perfectly. I had broken a nail and didn't want my other nails to be cut short so he quickly fixed it up with acrylic to match the others. I will definitely be back. Great prices too.
Best Mexican restaurant in Charlotte!!  Everything is great!!  Atmosphere, the food and the staff!!  Very fun place for delicious food!!  The chimichangas are awesome and the quesadillas and burritos are as well!!
Today was my first time at Naked BBQ, and I can gladly say that it won't be my last. The chopped brisket sandwich is amazing!! Seriously... You need to try it!!Wayne was such a great help! He was very well-mannered and took the time to ask how the meal and experience was. He definitely made the experience better. The pièce de résistance, however, had to be the BBQ sauce. It was so good, I had to go and buy my own bottle. I'll be back again real soon!
These guys are awesome! Pleasant, friendly and professional customer service! I was able to be seen earlier than my scheduled time, which, as you know, never happens when it comes to urgent care. In and out in no time, yet still thorough. You can tell the entire staff truly cares about their work. I don't like complaining or giving negative reviews and fortunately, I don't have to with this business. Thank you!
Best pizza place in Vegas They have really great costumer service. They take the time to speak with you and get to know you. I would really recommend to stop by and try their pizza. My favorite is The Real Deal, it's the real deal.
Food is amazing! I ordered the Gyoza (chicken, $4+ tax), and Tonkotsu Ramen ($8.50+ tax). Broth was great, as well as the gyoza. Definitely would recommend, came around 8PM on a Sunday night and wasn't too busy. Noticed that their hours on google said they were closed, however I believe the hours on yelp are correct. You can call them to verify! Very nice staff, a lot bigger than most ramen places I've been to in town. More tables (7-8) and more space at the bar (9-10). So good! Definitely would recommend.
Hands and feet down (pun intended) the best pedi I've ever had.  The amount of time they spend with you and the attention to detail and lasting polish is beyond the 30 clams you'll pay.
Wow the best soup ever. Always my go to. I love to go here because there is always a treat on the tray when you order a meal. They have the best lemonade as well
Came here last Friday night & had the best service ever here. We waited only a short while (it helped we made a reservation). We ordered the fried calamari, filet mignon, NY strip steak & for dessert NY cheesecake. Our steaks were cooked perfectly. And I loved my baked sweet potato side & broccoli too. So fresh. But the best part of it was the exceptional service we got from Moose. He gave us very personable & almost undivided attention, even in a busy restaurant (NFR was in town so place was super busy). Such great attitude & professionalism. I certainly hope he gets recognized for his service & that we have hun again as our server.
What can I say?! Best sushi, best service, awesome atmosphere! This place is alive. When it comes to sushi, I would only recommend this place. We've created so many memories in here. I love this place!
I went in on a Saturday morning around 9:30 after a 5k run... so I was starving! The food was amazing! I ordered the pancakes... 3 huge pancakes with eggs and hash browns for $5.50. I had my food in about 7 - 10 minutes and was not disappointed! The eggs were cooked perfectly, the pancakes tasted like I made them at home. This is a great place for a good, cheap breakfast if you are in the area. I will definitely be back!!
Their dogs are off the hook, try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben!  Incredible beer selection too.
Had bottomless brunch. Food was fantastic and very filling! Best service I've had at a restaurant in a while. Lane was our server. He had a great personality and made sure that our drinks were always full and our table was always happy! Very accommodating!
Wow, amazing. Fresh fish, great taste, amazing value. Too bad they don't have one in LA
I can't think of a reason to take any stars off of this place. It's a great breakfast! The service kept our drinks filled at the height of a Saturday morning breakfast, AND our delicious breakfast choices came out surprisingly fast! I had a scramble/skillet and my date had a little of everything. It was all yummy. There's a patio as well when it's not too hot out for ya - always a nice feature in the Phoenix area.
This place is so good! And they are super nice love it!! I'm gonna come back !!!!!!!---!!
Blake was great. Shutters turned out perfect and they look fantastic. Takes about 5- 6 weeks which Blake explains but well worth the wait. We had shutters done throughout the home about 2800 sf and his price beat everyone for the same product. Definitely recommend Window Pro.
Arrived on time, completed a difficult repair which involved access through a narrow crawl space, left behind a clean job site.  Have used Stevens many times over the years and will continue to do so.  Always on time; always professional.
Great restaurant. We are from out of town and just googled Mexican restaurants. We were pleasantly surprised. It was a little pricey. However, I had the fish tacos and they were fabulous.
I am a vegetarian and I love veggie burgers.  I have tried too many to count.  I have never had a veggie burger as good as the one at the Perch!  Yummy!  So good - and the fries were fantastic too!
Amazing food! Had the spicy chicken noodle lunch special, great flavors, great price super quick service. Nice and clean restaurant. Wonderful option downtown. Service was prompt and friendly and lots of parking options nearby.
Great prices, friendly staff, inviting and laid back atmosphere. I'm glad we walked by and decided to check it out.
Friendly staff, very professional and a friendly place while waiting in the waiting room. My therapist was awesome, friendly and knowlegable. I added another half an hour to my hour long massage because it was so relaxing. An amazing place. Thank You
I found Attention to Detail on Yelp, read all of the reviews and was convinced to try it.  Joe and his staff did an excellent job.  I am a car guy and very particular when it comes to my cars.  They exceeded my expectation and I've never had an engine detail as good as this one.  I will return with my other cars---they were that good. So, Joe, keep up the good work and others like me will spread the news for you.  Thank you.
I witnessed the customer service team take care of a customer that I would have said is well beyond unreasonable. Coming from a customer service role in my past, this was impressive. They have a great garden center here as well. The only issue is that I always have to come back because I forget something...
Rob and his crew are professionals. Pricing is fair and the quality of work is top notch. Took them 1 1/2 days to complete a paver/turf project for 600 sq ft of what was once dirt and rock (before and after pictures to follow). Being a smaller business than many other landscaping companies in Vegas, it might be a challenge to contact them, but I advise you guys to stick with it and be patient. Your patience will be rewarded with excellence and pride in work. Once the work began, their crew spent as much time required to make sure everything was perfect. I have nothing bad to say about Rob and his team. Highly recommended!
As the owner of Dankys Bar-B-Q,  I can honestly say that whenever im on the otherside of the valley Naked BBQ is my home away from home. Spot on brisket! Keep it up boys, Cheers!
Great..products selection from snacks to already prepared meals on the go at affordable prices for family on a budget and on the go!
Delicious. Must do the house smokin sauce. Huge portions and great service. Best lunch in Vegas yet
The sampling of Asian cuisine. Beautiful room and quality food and staff. Great oasis to escape to!
Delicious food and wonderful staff.  Had the salmon burger and shrimp sliders (yum).  Great fries.  Dina and VIda were terrific servers.
finally!!! a starbucks down the street from me!fast, friendly service!
We came thinking it was Kabuki and boy was I surprised when I walked in and there was Ryan, my favorite Sushi Chef (from another place which shall remain nameless)! I was extatic!I love the choices, the sauces, and how friendly the chefs are. If you like spicy tuna, you have got to try the "Crispy Rice" roll. Yummmmmm! And their Japanese Lasagna, made with crab stick....that's always my dessert! Ummmm, did I mention the baked green muscles....oh now I am getting hungry again! With their prices just right, their drinks keep flowing, the fish is OH so fresh, and then the staff being so awesome! You just can't go wrong.It's a little hard to find, nestled in on the right hand side of Target, but its worth looking for! I have found my new Sushi spot!
A fantastic gem of a place. The service is awesome and the Italian ice is brought in directly from NY, and they serve beer and wine, what's not to like. Absolutely, cannot beat it! Try the lemon, it's super refreshing on a hot Scottsdale summer day.
La Panthère Verte is my veggie go-to place for delicious and very reasonably priced food in a chilled,welcoming atmosphère. Everyone I've taken there has really liked it too.The menu is not big and is limited to sandwiches, soups and salads, plus a few smoothies . But everything they do here they do WELL, the pitta's are stuffed full...my favorite is the BBQ tofu which has huge chunks of tofu in it . The salads are also really good and you can get a large plate with a mixture of a few different ones which is nice...They also have a bar at this location which is cool and rare for a veggie cafe like this, a beer goes perfectly with the pittas !
Food. Drinks. Service. This place has it all. From the beginning they have something for every one whether you want to play it safe or try something new. That applies for both food and drinks. Now let me say this in no way is authentic but rather a fusion style of food. A rotating menu and bar program may stink at times because you might loose your favorite item but is an opportunity to find a new favorite. We have been going for several years and always come back. I insist on trying new places and using Clever Koi as my bench mark and nothing beats this place. Even one of their bad days still outshines many other places good days.
This is one of the best New York style pizza I ever had and the guys are very nice. I definitely will come back to this place.
Delicious pizza! I had the Lambretta special pizza, minus the prosciutto because I was in the mood for vegetarian (I'm sure it's delicious with the prosciutto too though). It was HUGE but it was thin crust and it was all I was having and I was hungry so I ate the whole thing myself!The service was very fast and friendly, and the atmosphere and decor of the restaurant were very pleasant and modern. I will definitely come back here! The pizza was made from high quality, authentic ingredients, and I didn't feel stuffed in a bad way like I do at other pizza places. I felt great afterwards.
Zenshin/Island Sushi & Grill catered our wedding Nov 2016. We were drawn to them because of the variety in their menu. From the very first taste tasting, we were blown away at the professionalism and quality of service provided! My spouse and I were coming in from out of state to have our wedding in Las Vegas and had many obstacles, especially finding the perfect caterer, but Zenshin made it an easy choice from the beginning.  The management was extremely personable and detailed in the services they provided. We never felt pressured into anything we did not want and they genuinely made us feel like we were their most valuable customers. Additionally, there was a vast variety of food on the menu, and every single thing we ordered was delicious! It was hard to narrow down the choices because we wanted everything on the menu after we experienced the taste tasting. On our wedding day, the caterers were all set up and ready to go at our venue when an hour before the wedding started we had to move the reception across town. Not only were they flexible, the rushed over to set up at the new location and their execution was FLAWLESS and they did not miss a beat! Everybody loved their food, especially their sushi and desserts! Zenshin saved the day and I would recommend this staff any day of the week!
Wow did we ever luck finding this old fashion ice cream shop. This place is a blast from the past and the ice cream is pure bliss! I had the New York Cherry and it brought back fond memories of my childhood. I hope they keep going for another 50 years.
Man, oh man, do I love this place. All you have to do is combine goat cheese and guacamole for me to love you. Does that make me easy? Probably. But really, this place lives up to its hype. I've been here twice, and both times have just been extraordinary. Their taquito entrees are delicious, and their sides are to die for. For the taquitos, I had the remolacha. A bunch of different flavors and textures that will amaze you. Regarding the sides, the smoked gouda tamales and the sofrito green beans will leave you wondering what you've been eating your entire life. It's like an explosion of flavor enticing your taste buds. Yes, my mouth is currently watering.Be warned-if you get the guacamole trio, like we did, be prepared to take the rest of your meal home. It's more than we bargained for, but oh so delicious. The goat cheese guac, pineapple guac, and blue cheese guac are all excellent. I've also tried the jalapeno bread pudding for dessert. Simply amazing. You get the flavor of jalapeno without all that heat, and it just makes for a very unique dish. If anything is the downfall, its the wait in general. Waits to get a table are long, but nothing going next door to Johnny Mango's for their super strong mojitos won't fix. We had a wait a bit for our server the second time, which was a bit of an annoyance. However, this place is worth it, trust me.
Called in today and spoke to Nick. I have very specific questions regarding gluten allergies and Nick was not only knowledgeable but professional. He went above and beyond to answer my questions and his phone presence was up beat positive and polite! Nick is an asset to this location and frankly this young man deserve a raise and a promotion! Good job Nick!
The place doesn't look the best but food is excellent and the service is fantastic!  My husband always gets pizza or open face roast beef n gravy. I get lasagna (which gives me 3meals) or a sandwich. My granddaughter's love to go there. They get there own personal pizza which is huge. Big Jim's was also on "Diners, Drive in and Dives". Guy showed the spaghetti being made, he gave the recipe. Also, I forgot to mention they have the best wedding soup in Pittsburgh.
My best friend and her hubby brought me here with very high expectations and I can definitely say that this place had exceeded my expectations. All the toppings were superb especially their Speculos ice cream. The waffle is the big secret and it's amazing how perfect the consistency is. I will definitely make this my Pittsburgh habit.
Been here twice and it did not disappoint! It is located in the worst area of the city, Cabbage town. A place where you can probably get stabbed walking down the crazy streets. A little hard to get to commuting via subway but maybe it's because I'm spoiled by car rides. This place offers UberEats along with some other delivering services, so if you do, I would suggesting ordering over the phone for pick up or UberEats. The restaurant is quiet small to dine in but it offers a comfy and authentic feel. On the menu, I have ordered their seafood deluxe or something similar. It was wonderful. Their ribs are also great, fall off the bone type of meat. If you are not a pork or seafood type of person, or any person, DON'T skip out on the jerk chicken and fried chicken. It is so juicy and tender, perfectly cooked along with some coleslaw. I believe this place is vegetarian friendly as well. And don't forget that brownie !!!!
Excellent service.....used them several times to get back and forth to the airport. Highly recommended.
Absolutely loved Mystere. The show was amazing, although many times I caught myself going... WTF just happened?! lol.I loved the clown man at the beginning who was knocking popcorn all over the place. Very interractive with the audience overall and it was nice.
This restaurant will forever be known now as the restaurant that popped my Yelp Check-in cherry. Kim who runs the show in the front is extremely hospitable and makes you feel right at home so I finally checked-in somewhere for the first time, against my personal weird privacy philosophy, for the 10% discount but mostly for hoping to do something nice for her.This place is not only seemingly a hole-in-the-wall, but a hole-in-the-basement wall, that i would not have volunteered myself to go down save the wonderful Yelp reviews for this place. And Yelpers were right, the food here is as good as it gets.I ordered the oxtail that fell off the bone with the delicious rice and peas. Next time, I need to have me some of that jerk chicken and some waffles. Yum!
Came to Vegas with the bf for a early bday celebration and decided to give this Lawry's a try on our first night in. Don't even remember the last time I been to a Lawry's. But I do know it was a many years ago and I remembered I've had better. Coming into this one with that expectation, I was actually surprised to be totally blown away. Maybe it was my mood last night, maybe it was my tastes bud not having steak for a while. Or maybe it's really this Lawry's do taste better than the ones in L.A. But my prime rib was delicious! I can't complain one bit. Tender, juicy, just the right cut. Creamed corn still just as good, and sweets didn't disappoint. Thank you Lawry's for the wonderful experience. I'll be sure to stop by more often  next time I come to Vegas
My first stop when I hit the city. It's like eating at grandmas kitchen table.great customer service always.never disappointed!live this place.
Once you go to LV nails.... You'll be ruined forever (saying it in a good way)I moved to Vegas over a year ago and my girlfriend introduced me to this salon. They have hundreds of gel colors and all of the techs knows how to create all the latest trends. I never left there not satisfied. Even thought they are constantly busy and booked up, they are definitely always trying their best to accommodate my schedule. The owners always remembers their clients named and that is impressive because I am sure there are hundreds of people that walks through those doors.I cheated on them once and I learned a hard lesson with ugly nails for a week. When I returned to LV, they looked at my nails and said "where did you go?" Jokingly judging the work! Lol
The bad reviews here baffle me. Those folks just don't seem to get it. What you do get are very creative menus, huge portions and great service. It's a unique dining experience. Forget the bad reviews here -- just try Hash House -- you'll love it.
Best bbq I know of.  Moved to St. Louis 2 years ago but went to Black Dog many times before I left, and saw their menu and product evolve.   I continue to take meat and sauce home to this day when in the area.  If anything, they have created a monster, with waits (sometimes lengthy) at any meal time.  Go off-hours if you can.  I find their burnt ends, pork belly, chicken wing starters, beef brisket, and Carolina and Texas sauces some of the best things I have had at any bbq joint.  Given the crowds, service is good, but it can get hectic.  Not a place to linger and talk unless you get there at an off-time.  This space itself is pleasant with warm colors, and flatscreens have games going all the time.  Probably best bbq between the Chicago area and perhaps Murphysboro (17th St. Bar and Grill), some 5 hours south.  Warning - not sure who owns the parking lot to the north of the building, but it is in AWFUL shape.  Beware.
I stopped by this taco shop and had both fish and carne aside tacos. They were amazing! It's hard to find good mexican food downtown and this place nailed it. The micheladas were spot on and have been back several times. Service is also great. I recommend this Taco joint. Great job.
Another visit to one of my favorite lunch-time haunts with my Zach. Can't stop trying the nachos, but have also branched out and tried the lengua tacos (yum) and some of the other specialties on the menu. I haven't been disappointed yet, and the place is always packed at lunchtime. So much better than most of the fast Mexican places out there and quite good prices. Once a week is not enough :).
Oh, Thomas Keller!  You make me so very happy.  Let's get married and have little foodie babies.  OK, I don't want to have anyone's babies.  But we could practice making babies then you could cook for me after.  This is my wish....don't make fun, people.I've wanted to have brunch at this spot since I've been coming to Vegas.  Finally!  My last trip included a delightful brunch with my friends.  Everything was truly wonderful.  I swear that the eggs had some sort of special ingredient that makes me crave them like a crackhead joneses for the pipe.  Who knows what I'd do for another taste of those eggs.  I'll let your mind wander on that one.......
It's not that I'm 9 months pregnant that I was able to eat an entire pizza here, but that the pizza here is THAT good! First time trying it but will be back again (soon I hope)! Very clean place, very friendly guys helping us with how to order and very good pizza (had I mentioned that?). Many thumbs up CBP!!!
I mistakenly made an appointment with Pearson Eye Group because they are in the same mall as Visionworks (the office I had used 3 years prior)    So I arrive at Visionworks.  Quickly we figure out that I've made my appointment with Pearson and not them.   Prepared to just forgo my appointment with Pearson and make a new appointment with Visionworks, I inform them the reason for my visit (Glaucoma check) and ask them if they have my old records to compare my next visit with.   Thier answer:  "We have you on file but your records are in storage".   I'm not sure what that means.  Are they still using manilla folders and file cabinets?  Do they have a unit at Uncle Bob's Storage?  Quickly I realize I want to keep my appointment with Pearson.  So I appolgize for the interuption and ask them where Pearson EyeCare is.  The "wrong" Optometrist ended up being the "right" one.    I don't have insurance and the price for a full exam was extremely reasonable.  My family is predisposed to Glaucoma and Diabetes and I fear blindness more than death itself.   Dr. Hagstrom picked up on this, and explained every test (and the results)  AND...Even though I had my retinal scan done (which was probably more than adequate) she also dialated my pupils and inspected each eye herself.    Long story ... L O N G E R ...  I get home thinking my eye pressure was in the 90 range as that was the readings I got off one of the tests.  Through google I learned that 20 was a normal pressure.  A tad bit panicked I called late Friday and left a message asking for clarification.   Dr. Hagstrom called me herself the following morning (a Saturday) and put me at ease and explained that the readings of "90" that I remebered were another unit of measurement for a different kind of test.   She gave me my eye pressure readings and they were in fact 20 in each eye (which is normal yay!)So yeah.  I'll be back in a year for my Glaucoma check.  Thankyou!
It's great!!! Try the Lemon Grilled Shrimp tacos!!! And they have skinny girl margaritas!!! It's a tad growded but it didn't bother us.  We waited only for 30 min.
Cheese, chocolate, meat, wine... need I say more? What's really nice about The Melting Pot is the consistent high quality. Every time we come we have a great experience. Great service too. We're big fans of the Thursday night specials for cheese and chocolate, not to mention half price glasses of wine!
The place is legit. A little ways off the strip but well worth the trek if you're in town and need a good boba fix. Service is amazing too. They will go the extra mile to make sure your order is exactly the way you want it!
The absolute BEST SERVICE!!!!! Lane is awesome, definitely request him! We had a big group for St Patrick's day brunch and had the corned beef poutine special which was to die for. our server Lane took exceptional care of us. I highly recommend.
Dimsum - very goodIndian - excellentService and ambiance - very goodGreat dining experience.A must with every Vegas visit.The Asst Manager- F&B, Mr. Tony Dochev is awesome.
So I may be biased a bit. I am a teacher at CorePower and btw I am in my 40's. I tend to practice and teach at night, though I do come on the weekends as well. So first and foremost the clientele is all different ages, I love this and we strive hard to create a true community. We offer 4 different types of classes majority of which are 60 minutes, 3 out of the 4 are heated and 3 out of the 4 are sequenced. I first came to my yoga mat in Denver at CorePower, upon moving back to Arizona I could not find a comparable format or studio. So I made due and traveled a lot around the valley.  We have been open since September of 2015 and while we do have clientele from ASU, we also have a Tempe studio opening up this Month (March 2016) right across from ASU. Guess what you get your first week free, no other studio does that. Trust me I know (remember above the traveling I talked about).  With that being said come give it a try and hey guess what when you join one CorePower you can use them all. Oh we have showers (3 for women and a couple for the men), free supplies (like mouthwash, shampoo, conditioner, hairdryer, deodorant, hair ties) and towels, water, mats, clothing if you need them. We also offer challenges that motivate.
We just discovered this place...  it's the best Mexican food around!!  Fresh, tasty ingredients, friendly service (thanks Mario!), reasonable prices, generous portions...  this place is what you're looking for, I'm telling you  :-)
Morimoto Las Vegas is located inside MGM in Vegas. Ambience and decor was quite nice. Service was great. I ordered the prawn tempura, nigiri sushi, and doughnut. All the dishes were just simply, amazing. The experience overall was wonderful. Easily the best restaurant I've ever been to so far. Very expensive, but I don't care. It's that good.
My go-to place for dimsum whenever I'm back in the Burgh. The XiaoLongBao (little dumplings with soup in them) are absolutely AMAZING. As good as it gets. You really can't go wrong ordering any of the dumplings or buns. I also like their dry noodles a lot (DanDan, Sesame, etc.). Great texture - just chewy enough! The flavoring is also spot on.While the restaurant is quite small and always packed (it's that popular), I love that they allow you to watch the chefs make noodles. If you've never seen this before, I highly encourage you to go to Everyday Noodles to check it out. It really makes you appreciate the craftsmanship that goes behind the noodles in your bowl.
I have found my new favourite restaurant in Calgary! After a girlfriend suggested Cibo for our dinner date, I admit I was less than thrilled. Although I had heard good things, a quick menu check online didn't really excite me, I found nothing to be that interesting or drool worthy. Nevertheless, there we were. We were seated upstairs at a lovely table near the bar, and I was already hooked. The decor and ambiance of this restaurant is perfect. Although it is loud (almost too loud, which would be my only complaint), it's very energetic and fun. We ordered the aranchini to share, as well as the mixed greens and the prosciutto and pineapple pizza. Everything was absolutely fantastic. We also split two desserts and each had a chocolate martini. Our server was the sweetest little thing and everything came out perfectly timed and expertly cooked. I was blown away, so I took my boyfriend back the very next week. We also shared the aranchini and mixed greens, but we had the lamb meatballs and the spaghetti for 2 meal. Once again, I was blown away by the quality of the food, service, and price! It is seriously a steal to eat here. I am absolutely in LOVE with Cibo and I will make it a point to return again and again!
What a cute place, amazing service.  I had the matcha latte boba and my Sis had the white grape oolong with cheese top very fresh and delicious.  Definitely recommended.
Always a great place to go, great food and friendly service, affordable and quality all the way round.
Went for our 1st time and took our out of town relatives from Seattle Washington to experience what we grew up with in Chicago.  We were not disappointed one bit!! The food was just like our old family recipes!  We had the Potato pancakes with Pierogi and smoked and fresh sausage.  The sausage was just like Easter morning and all the samples of Pierogi was DELICIOUS!!  A must visit place !!  Also shopped in the deli to take a little of Poland home for later!! Please do not ever change your recipe! Can't wait to visit again!!I Would have  given more stars if available!
Really good price point for healthy bowls , tasty sauces and a smiling face when you order. What more could you ask for. I got the vegan bowl and just asked them to make me whatever because I've only been here one other time and I really have a hard time ordering food most of the time so it was really nice to get home and enjoy my food!
Sunday brunch. Good service, moderate prices, and great food. Tried the steak and egg tacos, monkey bread (a must if you have a sweet tooth) with a bloody mary.
My brother and I came here for lunch and couldn't believe my eyes!!! The whole restaurant has been remodeled, It used to be the courtyard Café, but it's now the copper whisk. We ate here a lot when my brother and my dad would come here to visit and stay at the Orleans and the food was great. The food is still great, an the customer service is still on point. There wasn't very many people there when we got there so we didn't have to wait. Probably because it was the middle part of the day. We were waited on right away an brought our drinks. The food came out quick after we ordered and It was cooked perfectly  an very good. We both had a club sandwich an my brother had onion rings and I had fries. The onion rings were perfect. I'm glad to see that the food and the service is still the same even though the place has been remodeled. Looks like to me it's a little bit smaller but I'm sure it's just because I haven't been there in a while. Love the new look, will go there for lunch again in the near future. Might even try some of the other restaurants that they have there as well. Great memories made there.
Keto & low carb people - YES!Not only do they have a huge selection of tacos to choose from, free salsa and chips, they also have the option of ordering your tacos in lettuce. I was doing keto during our trip and this was amazing. Also, ordered the 'Panty Dropper' and it was delish, real cotton candy in the cup before the alcohol hits it, SOO good.
Absolutely the best sushi around!  Any other place I go just does not compare. I do wish they would answer their phone more often though.
This past weekend I finally made it out to the NCT in Mesa.  And I definitely was not disappointed.Nestled in a cosy strip mall in Mesa, with plenty of convenient parking I was thrilled at intimate and funky interior.  Cool old Movie Theater seats and the smell of popcorn!The players were really funny and talented.  I like the competitive aspect of having them in two teams and I also really loved the games, especially 5 things!Really awesome Independent Venue, we'll be back for sure!
Mike and the rest of the guys down at 5 Star Auto Repair are absolute lifesavers! If I could give them more stars, I would! After my check engine light came on in my Lexus IS300, I was praying it was just a bad O2 sensor but quickly learned that the catalytic converter needed to be replaced. After a dealer quote of $4000 (which is more than I paid for the car), I went down to 5 Star Auto to get a quick estimate. Not only was I impressed with the price Mike was able to work out for me, I was thrilled to be able to schedule an appointment for the following monday (3 days after I came in...including weekend days). True to his word, Mike had my IS done on time and even went the extra mile to clean my lifetime air filter. The car runs like a dream, and I couldn't be happier! Wish I could keep these guys a secret but that would truly be a disservice to the community. Thanks, again, Mike and the rest of the team at 5 Star Auto! You guys rock!
I've driven by this place for years and finally went in to check it out. I now feel regretful that I haven't stopped in sooner. I had the avocado burger and it was amazing! Super filing and well balanced tastes. Their fries are also really crispy and tasty. I will be back again to try something else!
Yummy food at reasonable prices! There's much more than kabobs on the menu, too! I've been here several times and I keep trying something new. Today was all-you-can-eat fish. Yayy
Salon is great. Most of the girls are friendly but all do a good job. I've been happy with every service and really like the new menu. Being able to have some wine is a plus.
Great restaurant that not many people know about. Worth the drive. Cool owner with great prices. Can't beat it. As good as roscoes in LA.
A good experience
One of the must hit places in dt K-town (bloor and christie)! Have been coming here since middle school and their walnut cakes are always served fresh! Walnut cakes come in 3 traditional flavours: red-bean, mashed potato with walnut, and mashed potato with almonds. You can ask the server to separate and mark the flavours if you are buying assorted. Fairly fast service with friendly servers that can speak fluent English. The owners should seriously consider expanding its store operations.
After some extensive searching here on Yelp, my husband and I decided to try La Mestiza for dinner. The place is tiny, but we actually enjoyed the intimate atmosphere. The waiter was quick and responsive despite being the only server for all the tables. I order a margarita and was blown away. It was the best margarita I had ever had. The flavor was just the right amount of sweet and salty. For dinner we both had the enchilada special which consisted of 3 enchiladas in a red, white, and green sauce. The portions were smaller than what you'd usually see at a Mexican restaurant but I'd say they were perfect. I loved the dish and didn't feel like I'd over eaten. We will definitely be back!
Spent a long and stressful day at the hospital down the street from this location. Decided to stop at Mimi's Cafe for dinner on my way home. I walked into Mimi's in not the best of moods.... fortunately we had a wonderful waitress that was about to turn things around for me. She was very friendly, helpful and gave us amazing service. My kids loved talking to her and we ended up having a great dinner. A big thank you to Gi Gi for her service and sweet attitude.
Came here last night with the hubby! Sketchy look but the food is bomb. The only disappointment is that their can sodas are $1.25! I get it it's business but, cut us some slack here. The tacos are bomb. They had a combo of a quesadilla and that was bomb too
Excellent service and food. Had such a nice time here. Tried the lobster croquet and shrimp tapas and both were delicious. The person who seated us (maybe owner or manager of the place??)was also very friendly and super nice. The waitstaff was also great. I'd highly recommend this place for anyone looking to grab a bite in this neighborhood.
My family and I love this place, which was formerly Brooklyn Brothers.  With the change in name and management, things have only gotten better.  My favorite is the Eggplant Parmesan.  Be sure to ask for Nona's sauce, which is chunky and sweet.  The pizza is also great and they now deliver, which is nice for evenings in.
I Love Tony's. The best ice cream I've ever had. Great flavors and choices and the prices are good as well. Classic, old school ice cream shop.
Excellent place for real Italian food!!!If you are looking for a REAL Italian family style restaurant, this is THE PLACE!!!The setting is like being in Italy. You will love the atmosphere. Great experience.  This is the best place we have been in Las Vegas. The service was perfect!! We made a reservation and had to queue only for 3 minutes, when the restaurant was flooded by customers arriving from everywhere. We had the pasta which is unique, a sublime pizza, an amazing tiramisù and cannoli (The list of pastries is delicious) and as we were really happy with the table we got, we decide to get an Italian red wine Chianti.Excellent service, food and atmosphere. Thank you Ninni, Pasquale and Milena.I wish you al the best!!
We switched to CRAH in September of 2012 when we rescued our 3rd Boxer. After paying, in my opinion, extortionate fees at another vets office. From the first moment I stepped in to the office, we were greeted by friendly receptionists. I am very diligent went it comes to my dogs, so this first visit was secretly an interview to see if the vets here would be deemed 'fit' to take care of my precious Boxers (I'm not kidding either ;). After that first appointment, I left feeling incredibly comfortable with my new choice of veterinary care. Having Boxers means we are there frequently!! We have seen pretty much all of the vets there and they all know my dogs well. The staff greet us by our names and with a huge smile. Sadly, we have been through some dire medical conditions and even had to have one of my senior boys who was suffering with cancer, put to sleep. Throughout that whole 2 month process, I feel as though we were treated with respect, love and most definitely a shoulder for support. I would arrive for the appointments every time, in tears and everyone was unbelievably nice and kind. They offer a service where you can opt for the vet to come to your home while you say goodbye to them, and this is what we chose (twice now) and each time the doctor (and Wes, the vet tech) were awesome. The place is staffed with a medical professional 24/7, therefore, on the occasion where one of my dogs might be required to  spend a night after a procedure, I know they are never left alone - something I absolutely could never allow! I am also a board member of a local rescue in town and we use CRAH as one of our veterinary choices for the dogs who come through the rescue. I have read some other reviews complaining of hidden charges etc and I can only say that from my personal (frequent) experience, every time we have been presented with 2 quotes - low end and high end, which is standard procedure with most vets in this town, and we were given an unpressured choice as to which additional procedures we wanted. I have explained many times that money is a huge issue for us, we don't have much therefore I need to keep costs as low as possible, however I don't want to cut out anything deemed necessary. I have never felt pressured or bullied or a bad "mum" when I have declined some services. As long as I have dogs, I will use CRAH to care for them. As a last note, after reading some of the negative reviews which are basically people complaining about having to pay for their animals medical costs, to them I say this, "you own an animal by your own choice. The odds that at some point during its lifetime it will get sick or injured and need veterinary care, are extremely high. Either get pet insurance, or be prepared to pay for your animals well being, or, just don't get an animal if you can't afford to take care of it. Exams, X-rays, surgeries all cost money. Why do you expect to get it for nothing? Vets study for many, many years and don't earn that great a salary, which means they do this for their love of animals. They deserve to get paid, and you need to be respectful of that"
Visiting from Cali, had a craving for Root Beer float. Been a good while since I had some. Service was great. Place looked great too
My friend lives in Las Vegas but I'm from LA.I asked her to take me to do the best place that sells crepe and Wow!!! Amazing!!!! She introduced me to "what's crepe".All my friends love it so much! The crepe itself is so fluffy. Come and get it a try! You're gonna love it for sure.I wish you could open a new branch in LA!
The dining area was recently expanded and includes many eastern-european favorites. Excellent service, try the sampler :)
Edward is a wonderful guy to work with.  I have seen him treat his customers just the way he would his own family.
Came to Vegas and brought some customers and had to stay for a day, on my way to Vegas down the hills did not feel good about my brake performance, on my off parked day in Vegas thought to check in to a Mecanic to look in to my brakes, I called one of my friends who has been doing mecanic job in Vegas but is working in LA now,he gave me ARCO auto repair phone number,I called ARCO auto center and talked to Ron and from first contact on the phone he took care of me, when I got there,he put my 33 feet Limo right away on the jack and did a 100% customer satisfaction job, as I have mentioned in most of my reviews,due to my job and always working with auto repair shops unfortunately I do not see to many auto repair shop who really care for customers but Ron and ARCO auto center are one of the auto repair shop who really care for customers and do their best.Thank you Ron,I appreciate your perfect work customer service.God Bless you
This was one of the best Thai food restaurants I've been to. The food was delicious. The atmosphere was great, and they have the hardest working and friendliest waitresses I've seen. I very strongly recommend this restaurant and look forward to going again when I'm in Phoenix.
Mache Bacchus is amazing.  Entering thru a fine wine shop, you can pick up something reasonably price.  Then, proceed to your table.On the outdoor deck, you'll be treated to live music, and a spectacular view of the lake.  Although man made, you would never know.  Alas, I became fooled many of time.This is particular a good choice for a romantic evening, or comfortable and nice enough for a group of friends for an afternoon.  Delightful.I recommend the Steak Frites ($25), Moules Mariniere (mussels, $19), and the Roasted Chicken ($22).Wonderful, wonderful place.  Also, it is miles from the strip, and provides ample parking.
Great concept, great service, and amazing coffee. Outdoor patio provides a lounge like experience while the inside has a very humble coffee bar ambiance. Great place to relax and enjoy a drink, now offering beer/wine also.
I get my eyelashes done by Kylie and she is amazing! The eyelashes last for at least 2 weeks before I need a fill. I usually come in the 2nd or 3rd week! The membership is also a great deal for discounted prices and 2 lash fills per month! People ask me where I get my lashes done all the time and I recommend all of my friends to Ashley's Beauty Bar. Erika also did a great job on my nails. They haven't chipped at all and it has been weeks!
Today I went to dutch bros coffee to brighten up my day and i was not disappointed at the slightest bit. Soon as I arrived i was greeted by an employee named Riley , she had an AMAZING attitude and great service .... she was patient with me but still managed her time well.  She exhibited model customer service and deserves to be recognized.  The entire dutch bros team was great, and the drinks are absolutely delicious and made to each customers liking. I would recommend dutch bros to anyone,especially this location !
Probably the best nouveau Italian place in Cleveland - the mussels with fennel were perfection.  From there was the arugula salad and col busso.... Wow!  The layers of differing flavors and the beautiful presentation, not to mention a really special wine list were just incomparable.  Reminds me of some of the better places we visited in New York and Napa.  Love you, Chinato!
I am so loyal to Jiffy Lube not only because od the great service but you get free oil top offs between each service. And having a german oil chugging car this is a great service that I always take full advantage of.
This is a great neighborhood family friendly restaurant.  They don't just sell coffee and tea.  It's a full service breakfast and lunch place.  And service was great from the moment we walked in with our 3 year old.  The oatmeal, bagel, and lobster omelet we had were all excellent.  Everything from coffee, orange juice, and ingredients used were very fresh.  What a find!  The only bad part for us is we can't visit as often as we'd like since we live out of state.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1pmish and didn't realize they close at 2p. We managed to get a table but had to wait for about 20 minutes or so.My girlfriend and I ordered a lot of food to try different things. Everyone said to order the waffle dogs so we did. I ordered a breakfast sandwich and my friend ordered the brioche french toast. We could tell our waiter was in a bad mood so we made it our goal to put a smile on his face. After being nice to him, we managed to get him to smile and service was much better afterwards.The coffee was just OK nothing spectacular. The best thing I ordered was the SWEET POTATO TOTS.
Wonderful atmosphere!  Ate outside right on the sidewalk in a nice wooden enclosed area with umbrellas.Had a great brunch in the middle of the week with fresh fruit juices, good coffee, and excellent breakfast food.Would certainly return again, highly recommended.
Ray Fikes is a genius.  The tendon in my left ankle is shot and the brace he made for me has not only kept me from having surgery but I am able to walk forever without pain.Everyone at this office if friendly and appointments are properly timed.  Waiting time is minimal.
This place was off the tracks, literally! I don't wanna toot this places horn, but HHOOOOOOOONNNNKKKK HOONKK HHHHHOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNKKKK man the dinner was great! First time I tried sushi and it was very pleasant on my tastebuds. Conduct yourself here asap! I
Not sure why all the bad reviews. I've been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem.
Super friendly owner, he suggested the Cowboy dog and he was right, it's delicious. It was super clean and reasonably priced for Old Town Scottsdale. I will be back.
I had an appointment with the lovely Ana Parker last Friday.She is extremely talented and very easy to chat with.  She kept referring to my eye color when discussing possible hair color options which I thought was pretty cool!She gave me a feminine and flattering pixie cut and fresh color with great dimension.I love it and have gotten so many compliments.The salon is very zen-like and chill.  The two receptionists I spoke to were very polite and helpful. Overall, I had a fabulous experience!
Tonight I tried for the first time Sombrero's and it was amazing! I got the meat quesadilla with asada it was soo yummy! I tried it with some of the guacamole, sour creme and jalapeño creme cheese, needless to say it was worth the heart burn! My mom got the 3 soft tacos with the carnitas. She says it's delicious with the jalapeño creme cheese and spicy sauce. What she's ranting and raving about is the horchata. She says that it tastes like vanilla ice cream but melted haha. I tried a taste and I thought it tasted like a shake. She wishes that she had more because she finished it before we even got home and we only live down the street. I also want to add that the family that runs it so nice and friendly. We will definitely be back. Next time is burritos!
VEGAN PIES! Need I SAY MORE. The soft serve is amazing and and toppings imaginative. We have also ordered several vegan cakes, and though not cheap - the end product was nothing short of amazing. People couldn't believe it was vegan and wanted more, despite the presence of other, more decadent and obviously non-vegan alternatives. Great company, amazing foods!
I don't write many five star reviews.   And didn't really expect good Chinese food in such a small town.    The service is sit down cafeteria style.    You write your table's order on an order pad and pay at the front counter.   The give you a table number and bring the food right out.    Very easy and low stress way to dine, though perhaps it may confuse some.Tea and water are provided for free.   This restaurant is BYOB, and there's a nice liquor store next door.PROS:   Amazingly authentic menu!   I've lived in China and traveled there extensively, and found many of my old favorites on the menu.   (A Chinese menu is posted on the wall with item numbers that correspond to the English language menus.)    I got to enjoy food I've haven't had in years and never thought I'd find in the US -- great stuff from several regions of China.    I also enjoyed some items that I hadn't had before, or had enjoyed in slightly different forms.   The crispy tofu for which this restaurant is so well-known is a fun item that everyone should try.   The pork bun is amazing!  Well-seasoned fatty deliciousness.    So many items to try.   I wish I lived in the area.CONS:   None at all.   I hope this place never changes.
The food has always been good and the service just keeps getting better.  They recently remodeled the building, so it's very modern/clean looking.  They always give you a heaping mound of each dish, so you never feel you're not getting your money's worth.  There's an extra $0.50 or $1.00 for some of the more premium items (shrimp, added bacon, etc) but it's always worth it.  I wouldn't want to eat there every day, but I'm always happy when I get the chance.
Wow... makes me want to bring my car in more often... sitting in their beautiful waiting lounge, served a free latte, could have lunch too!  Friendly people, awesome service!
Great bbq, casual atmosphere, local beers and friendly servers. Can't go wrong. They are looking to expand menu. Worth the visit.
The Gyro House was a fantastic night out. Upon entering we were greeted by a belly dancer and live Middle Eastern music. It was very clear this was a local favorite - run by family. If you have a hankering for hummus, grape leaves or of course, gyros - this is your stop! Top it off with cream tea and freshly made cinnamon dessert - heaven! This house is full of a welcoming staff ready to fill your belly! Don't forget to byob!
I've been to several Anytime Fitness in other states, Medford OR is my home gym and this one is way better! Big, Clean, and lots of equipment. The Showers are kept clean and there is free WiFi. Can't ask for much more in a gym.
Excellent customer service. The guys that came to do our install were very polite and got the job done in a very timely manner. I will definitely use them again for all my glass and window needs!
I was in Vegas with a friend of mine and she always wanted a tattoo. We found this place on Freemont Street sort of by accident and honestly I wasn't expecting much. I was wrong. I mean what are the chance that you happen upon the perfect place to get what you wanted? Go figure. :PBut seriously, they were great. Very clean facility and the people were all quite helpful. She ended up getting a small tattoo on the inside of her wrist, a little cute flower.I think before now I always pictured a tattoo shop as dirty and I don't know. But that wasn't what I got here. It was nice.
The staff was very accomodating got the buffett ready fast so we could get to meeting food was delicous
Yelp once again lead us to this great Indian food restaurant. The people who served us worked as a team; they were very welcoming and friendly. Our Food was delicious, chicken tiki masala and shrimp korma, which can both be made with coconut milk to avoid the dairy. Our waiters kept bringing water and it didn't  take long at all for any of the food. It was a great dining experience and the food couldn't have been better. Try this place once and like us, you're going to want to go back.
Always a clean store even though people spill from the bulk, lol. I love this store and have been coming here over seven years. Produce is exceptional and priced fairly. Staff is always pleasent. Makes me want to work here. I love their sales on oils and tinctures.
Went for the machine gun experience on our recent trip to Las Vegas. Had such a great experience we went back a couple days later. Jason helped us decide what we wanted to shoot, instructed our teenage sons on shooting and made the experience a real blast. Very friendly and nice clean, modern facility.
We are in Scottsdale with our Golden retriever. Looking for a grooming, we called Pet Smart . They said how about coming over in 30 min. Wondering what we were going to get for a haircut. They not only were able to fit him in on time but did a beautiful job of grooming. Gotta give them 5 stars. Thanks so much
Our meal was delicious, the service was good and it was neat to be able to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare everything!
This place is brilliant; small, quiet and with a great vibe. Coffee & food delicious, avocado toast a real highlight. Visiting or expat Aussies must visit, wonderful reminder of Melbourne's laneway cafe culture.
Going to start off by saying this is hands down my favourite place to order Chinese food in the whole city! No doubt the prices are amazing and the people who work there are all really friendly and love their customers. I always order the same items:Chicken fried rice - simple and amazing, the rice never sticks and is always delivered hot warm and so delicious. Egg rolls - they are really proud to serve them and they make them in-store I believe! Really delicious. Chicken balls - OMG without a doubt the best chicken balls! The batter is not too heavy or too light. The chicken to batter ratio is about 50/50 which is perfect! The chicken inside is always juicy and seasoned!Chicken wings - simply deep fried and delicious. Lemon chicken - chicken is a must the batter is thick BUT very very crispy tasty batter, the sauce is decent but the chicken itself is legendary. This place is a Westernized Chinese food place, yeah it's gonna be greasy but coincidentally this place just nails it. Never have I received an order where there was a tone of grease in the boxes.  It is hands down the best in Toronto for your Chinese fix. Also they have 5 cent specials where you can order a whole dish if you spend a certain amount. Enjoy!
Yum Yum and Yum!  I really enjoyed my meal at Brand and every bite was delicious. I had the filet which was cooked to perfection, with the gratin potatoes which were made with a rich garlic cream.  With little notice they were able to write Happy Birthday on the plate of my guest as it was his BD. The restaurant itself was chic, modern, lowlit, hip-music and awesome wait staff. I will come back here next time I'm in Vegas...
My ac went out on Sunday and as most of you know we broke record heat here in AZ. Through the home warranty it took until Tuesday morning to get someone out to my house. We have two kids and staying in a hotel was not fun. Everything turned around when Danny the service tech showed up to the house. He was very professional and efficient and explained to me exactly what broke and how it happened. I would highly recommend this company to anyone needing repairs. My air was fixed in less than an hour and the customer service was amazing especially considering these guys are out in the sun all day just to keep us cool! Thanks Danny and Cool Blew.
I had an excellent experience here... SK removal by Dr. Jeffy. This was an almost painless procedure with friendly and professional staff (Mary and Max were extremely helpful too!)
I have never been brave enough for a boat and last week I went in Miller Ferry to put in Bay and this past Friday and today  (Sept 3rd and 5th 2016) was my first time in a kayak. My husbands first in a tandem. The staff is absolutely top notch. Super sweet people who I can't say enough good things about. Nice lake for first timers who are terrified of water, boats and waves. They were wonderful people and I'm glad to wear my kayak shirt from here. Wonderful experience all around even if I was terrified the first go out! Thanks!
Super quaint little mom and pop restaurant. Originally ordered take-out but then decided to have a beer and enjoy dinner. It was a little empty, but since it was a holiday I'm sure they weren't expecting to be busy. The server was super attentive and sweet, and I ordered the tom kha, as well as the pad thai, both spicy (4). Food was great! I'll definitely be back!!
Make an appointment w/ Mary based on Yelp review.Brought some Far East gold jewelry for an estimate.  None were stamped to exact gold content and many were unique items.  This made estimate difficult.  Mary made the decision to perform an instrument (XRF) measurement instead of relying on acid test.  Got much more accurate reading.  Then She was able to make better offers as a result.While waiting, Mary provided many valuable advice on gold investing.  Thank you very much for your time and service
Wow, just wow!! I saved the best restaurant for last and it didn't disappoint, in fact, the food and ambiance exceeded my expectations. It was really cool and fun to walk through the pawn shop into the restaurant. I loved seeing all the guitars on the wall.Based on reviews, I started with the Tuna poke wonton tacos. I loved the presentation of the three tacos in a mini metal toast rack. The Tuna was fresh, spicy and flavorful and the tacos were crispy and crunchy. Simply divine!!Based on the fabulous waitresses recommendation, I had the Grilled cheese, smoked bacon and tomato soup dumplings. This dish blew my mind!! Creative and inventive cuisine that's artfully executed and presented. You get six dumplings served on individual lacquer Chinese spoons. The dumplings were delicious and bursting with flavor. I'd go back for this dish alone it was so good.Next, I had the Cauliflower which was cooked and presented in a small stone or metal dish that kept the cauliflower warm. The vegetable was cooked in ginger salsa verde with pickled scallions and had the most unique and amazing flavor of any vegetable dish I'd ever had.Sadly, I ate too much for lunch and was starting to feel full. I was desperate to try the Thai style deep fried shrimp or the Short rib mac and cheese which were both highly recommended and sounded delicious. Instead, I opted to splurge calorie wise and get the KYGO Cloud Nine "S" smores. I loved the creative presentation as the dish was topped with a giant marshmallow cloud. I found the marshmallow overly sweet and it overpowered the flavor of the dark chocolate torte below. The restaurant has a large, inventive cocktail list broken out into sweet and savory categories. There is an extensive wine list and about 4-5 wines by the glass in each category: sparking, white and red. I had several glasses of the Tempranillo. Prices ranged from $11-16 for most, which is really good value for Vegas where there are so many $18+ glasses.Amazing atmosphere and service!! Best meal of the entire trip. I will be back in Las Vegas in January and this will be my #1 restaurant choice and I'm already dreaming of trying the Roasted bone marrow toast and Oven braised chicken meatballs and savoring every bite of the big wow grilled cheese dumplings.Make this your #1 restaurant pick in Las Vegas. It's pure heaven for foodies!!
I highly recommend Justin Cambron for any Land Rover or Jaguar car buying needs. He provides great customer service, listens and takes time to understand his clients desires. And even though we did not make our final car purchase there (this time around) he still provided very courteous follow-up and was willing to be of assistance if needed. I have already been telling family and friends of our positive experience there. Thanks again for your professionalism and understanding Justin, I can't thank you enough and will be back for our next vehicle purchase!
Love this place! Such great atmosphere and their coffee is amazing! I love to pop in there and enjoy a cup if I have a few minutes. But if not I got through their drive through and it's a easy , a quick deal and delicious...
We had a great breakfast this morning at Egg n Joe. It was clean, bright and friendly staff. We got lucky by getting Alissa B. I have never had a server smile as much as her. That's nice. My ice tea always stayed above half a glass. She was on top of everything. The food was hot, fresh, beautiful and tasted as good as it looked. Can't wait to go back.
Made an impromptu reservation for 10 of my colleagues - they accommodated without blinking an eye.  Everyone who was in attendance has raved about the food/service - as a newly transplanted person from WA state - glad I found a good "go to" for my leadership team.  We will be back!  Thank you!!
Now IDK, real New York!! Real family owned ! All new staff ! Nothing frozen. They got east cost manhattan coffee,Sodas ! Omg  more specials! Save money !who loves yeah baby! Eat your heart out Amore' this is really the real deal!!!
Joseph has fixed easily over 8 tickets for me and you have no idea how much I recommend this guy. All my traffic tickets have been turned into parking violations. No points, no traffic school and is real reasonable on pricing. Have sent family and a lot of friends. Haven't heard one bad experience from the people I send to him. Also Receptionist are always on top of the game! Awesome office overall! Keep up the good work!
We always love this spot after work. Evwrytime we go we sit at the bar, and the bartender Matt takes great care of us. He made me an amazing german chocolate cake shot, which nobody ever seems to be able to make. The drinks are affirdable and the burgers are really good.
I love this place!!!! They do an excellent job! Hannah did my eyelashes and they look amazing. She also did a great  job with my eyebrow wax as well! I highly recommend West Gate Nails! I have had nails, eyebrows and eyelashes done to perfection here!
Très beau lieu dans le quartier. Nous étions huit et par chance nous avons été placé très rapidement. Pleins de choix avec des assiettes bien remplies. C'était très bon
My wife and I were staying in Scottsdale and we absolutely LOVED this place for the atmosphere as well as the food! We are definitely going back as soon as we return to the Phoenix area! They had a Vespa oyster bar right when you walk in--never seen anything like it! At first, we wondered if they were just a cute idea but thought they might not be comfortable. However, when we sat down, it was just as comfortable as any other seat--the oysters were very fresh and there was a lot of selection.From the oyster bar, to the appetizers, to our main entrees, we were very impressed with the food. The seafood was incredibly fresh and the fusion side dishes really complemented each of our meals. They apparently fly their fish in fresh every day (which you basically have to do if you are going to serve fresh seafood this far from the ocean).Though the place was crazy busy, the service was solid. Our waiter gave us space but made sure we were taken care of and that our drinks remained refilled, plates cleared, etc. The chef and the owner came over to our table and really made us feel welcomed. We had a truly special experience and are looking forward to going back soon.
Customer service at this company company is great.  I've been working with Chris and the quality of there work is awesome.  They went above and beyond to make sure my wife and i felt good about their work. Plus the staff is super friendly!
I am lactose intolerant and love ice cream and I couldn't truly get behind the ice cream alternatives, then I found Nami and their delicious vegan soft serve. I come probably twice a week and take extras home to eat throughout the week. Amazing place to go to. They have really good vegan pastries as well. Have not had their coffee or brunch but if it is anything like their sweets it is going to be phenomenal. The staff is always very friendly as well. Wish I lived closer then I would be here all the time
Had the tapas. Amazing food very good portions. I recommend the artichoke. If your into strong wine aroma in your food this is a place for you.
Dianne was really fantastic for my daughter's sixth birthday party.  It was a butterfly theme and she gave the children gorgeous full face butterfly and garden designs.  The children looked amazing and were so excited.  She is very talented and I'm very pleased with her service.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a face painter!
The baguette cafe is one of my new weekend favorites for a breakfast sandwich or lunch time sandwich & a coffee.  The owners are French & their cuisine is unmistakably so.  It's nice to have a simple French bistro that is reminiscent of the croissant shoppes I visited in Paris.  Vegas valley needs more quaint mom & pop shops just like this.  I am keeping this one on my repeat list.
This is an easy review to write; These guys are pro's. After some clumsiness at finding which service rep would check me in, I met Don Pagel, who is the foundation of the repair department. I needed some repairs done on my Silverado diesel, and gave Don a comprehensive list. He called the next morning with the list broken down bit by bit. When I explained I'd hoped to have the truck back in 3 days, he expressed that while he could probably do it, it wouldn't be as thorough as he'd like and would I accept the offer of a rental car at their expense, so they could do a thorough and clean job. They gave me a rental car, Eli was terrific to deal with. Throughout the next four days, Don emailed me each day with progress, and overall sharing that they were on-schedule. This guy is a complete pro from start to finish.On pickup, he made the rental return as easy as "didja scratch it?", a quick walkaround, check of the fuel, and gave me the keys to my truck. My truck had been washed (I kinda wish they'd detailed the interior, it was quite dirty but also disorganized and I can't blame them for attacking this mess). Then, Don followed up with an email, and this morning followed up with a phone call. My experience at this Findlay property was in such contrast to my experience with their RV lot, I simply needed to share.You can read about my RV experience at: https://www.yelp.com/biz/findlay-rv-las-vegas?hrid=8BMTgU2mXlFOEhle3rMxKAWith people like Don Pagel, it's no wonder that the vast majority of the reviews for Findlay Chev on this site are stellar.Thank you Findlay. We'll almost assuredly be purchasing from you next time, too!
I ate here today with some trepidation because of previous reviews. I knew the food would be great - and it was. My friend had the shrimp rellenos which was superior. Another friend had the chicken salad - superb. My cheese enchiladas reminded me of home - San Antonio! Contrary to other reviewers I have to commend the management on the cleanliness of the restaurant. Our waitress spoke fluent English and the service was good. Don't miss an opportunity to dine here - you won't regret it
Old Sub Station turned into awesomeness! 1st time and will be back. Simple decor, great menu. Just a good ol fashioned hogie shop.
Very good service and quality! Clean place. Love it! Will be back for sure. Everything was prepared and made well.
Been going to this place for years.  Best Pitas in AZ.  Salads are great too. Pizza is good and the homestyle frys are also great!  Don't go during the lunch rush hour!  It gets crazy!
This is my first time at not only Yogurtland, but this type of place where you get your own Yogurt from a machine! At first I was intimidated but my friend helped me through the process of creating my own frozen yogurt treat. The best way to not be shuffled along a line is to just go right for the flavor you want; why be held up behind a person who is getting Vanilla when Peanut Butter (my current favorite) is all the way near the end? Just go get it! Don't wait! But be polite if you're squeezing in between someone!!The flavors rotate everyday - you never know what will pop up unless you go to the http://www.yogurt-land.com/ website to view all their flavors and hope they have the one you want to try when you arrive *lol*! The toppings at the end of the station usually change but not as much as the frozen yogurts! The staff is great to chat with, the atmosphere is great also - it's always busy with college kids and families, and I love it because they're open so late on the weekends! You can also eat outside which we love to do because we can be as loud as we want!So if you're by ASU or in the Tempe area, you defiantly need to give this place a try if you're in the mood for frozen yogurt!
Super delicious ! Now I wish I could of taken a picture of the pizza and cheesesteaks. But they were gone before another thought came up. Fresh ingredients, big slices and friendly staff. My new local go to spot for pizza !!
I am not quite sure what previous customers are talking about, perhaps they have the wrong company in mind (or they were just one of those people who cannot be pleased), because my experience with Jumparound Party Jumpers was the complete opposite. The bounce house was not only clean, it looked brand new! The snow cone mechine was very clean and I had absolutely no issues when using it. The delievery was on time, if not early. They were more than curtious and more than accomidating for us two overly exausted/stressed mothers with six kids between the two of us, who had been up all night trying to make the party happen. I could not reccomend this company more. And with our six children they will definatly be getting all of our buisness! I mean really, what occasion isn't made 2000% better by a bouncy house??!?
I got a rock chip in my windshield and knew my AAA insurance would sent me to Safelite. So mid-morning in the middle of a week, I dropped in at this location. The receptionist is fast and friendly. She had a tech check the damage and confirm it could be fixed. Before I realized he had even seen my car, he was in the lobby explaining the damage, the fix, and the guarantee. I called the insurance company, got the ok, and within five minutes they were fixing the chip. My wait was short and not unpleasant. The waiting room was clean and comfortable; it's a better place to wait than my doctor offers. The fix was done well. I would definitely recommend this location, and I'll come back.
We headed in for lunch on a weekday, and were seated right away. Our server's name was Chris, and he was very prompt and courteous. We each ordered pizza and shared and it was fantastic! The Diavallo and the Boss were SO good. The Margherita wasn't bad either. I can't wait to go back and try some more!
I am a Realtor in Las Vegas and have utilized Sound Plumbing for many years....personally and professionally and refer them to customers who require plumbing services.  Their work is top notch, they are quick to respond and their prices are fair.Tanya Harrah Keller Williams Realty Southwest
This place is so much better than Chen wok. It is amazing and huge portions for a great price. Will never order from anywhere else
One of our favorite outdoor adventure areas in Las Vegas! Go early if you are out on the weekend because it gets busy. The visitor center is worth the stop and you might be lucky enough to see the tortoise, Mojave Max. Definitely stop at the first two stops, as they are the most interesting. There is also a great overlook worth getting out at, and even a children's hike which is less strenuous. The landscape is different at every stop, so you can see different things each time you go if you just do one stop each time and really get out to explore.
This place has the best spicy beef rice ever! I have been there three times and ordered that rice every single time. Bbq was alright but I am not a meat fan. My clothes smelt like smoke after eating at this restaurant.
So this was my first time here. Always in their paking lot for other businesses and a co-worker said they had great food. So came in tonight to try them out. I ordered the Phily and fries, one of favorite meals, and I have to say it was perfect. Even the fries were perfect. And when I said no mushrooms they got it right. The server Shari was professional and friendly. On time with refills too, one of the biggest things to me as I don't like running out of drinks. The place has a great vibe, good music, great food, and great service. And very clean. Typically this is where I sum up the pros and cons on every place. In tge event of this place I did not find as single con. Bravo to Jackson's bar for a job well done! You now will have a loyal customer since I live close by. I look forward to becoming part of the Jackson's family. See you soon.
My college roommate lives in Cleveland, so I try to get out there every ~18 months.  While his wife was not in the mood for Mexican, they like Momocho so much that she capitulated.They were spot on.Service was on point and the food was delicious.  Standouts were the smoked gouda tamale balls (legit heaven...and $3.50???) and the brisket taquitos.  Oh.  And a fig (?!) margarita? Ridic.  Momocho is known for its guac, and that was the part I thought missed the mark a bit (fresh, but a bit gummy...and could have used more salt).  But what a meal...
Literally one of the nicest and genuine people. Let me tell you, this woman took the time to stay late itln the night to fix my canary yellow hair the day before my wedding. She is awesome and the results were way more then i expected with the condition my hair was in. Very good at her trade and super nice. I even received a congratulations card for my wedding. Simply amazing!
Were greeted when we entered by almost every wait staff we passed, was told by the hostess to sit where ever which is fine, had a very young waitress very polite got our drink order, we opted for the buffet which was great & at a decent price $8.99, the eggs of course were liquid form but good, bacon was nice & crisp, sausage was flavorful, waffles, pancakes, French toast sticks & potatoes were awesome I just wish that they had shredded home fries, every food that was displayed was nice, hot & fresh it was replenished quickly when they saw it was getting low they didn't wait for the food to run out, the fresh fruit were great nice & sweet, the dining area & bathroom was clean...      I was told by one of the waitresses that the old owner had come back & is going to add other foods to the buffet line whatever it is I can imagine it's going to be good, the only advice I'll give is that the tongues are very hot to touch if there's someway not too have them that hot, now would I come back you bet your bottom dollar I would...
Friendly service and delicious breads! My husband has to have the banana bread every day and my daughter is addicted to the sricha rolls. This is a hidden gem.
Stopped in here for a quick meal + was really impressed with the service. In addition to the chips + salsas, we ordered the side of guacamole, a jalapeño cheese tamale, + the quesadilla (which we made vegetarian). Everything was fresh + filling. The space is open + bright. Service was very fast + friendly, would definitely return.
I have only been to two classes so far but love love love Xtend Barre! The instructors have been really patient and helpful. I might have felt confused multiple times but never felt embarrassed by it like I've read happening at other places. And the workouts are tough. I have felt pretty sore so I can tell I'm working my muscles. Bottom line - try it!
What a great place! Love the food and the atmosphere! I was in last Friday and although it was packed due to Phoenix Comicon, a Dbacks game, the Phoeinix Symphony and first Friday...  We got a table in the bar, had attentive service and made it out just in time to make it to the Phoenix Symphony for our show! My boyfriend and I went in yesterday to enjoy some drinks and appetizers for the afternoon and had a wonderful time again! Lauren was our server and she was fabulous! Again attentive and made sure we had everything we needed! I will definitely be back!
Been by John's twice this last week and was throughly delighted with both visits!  They are about the only place around to get real home cooking.       They give you a small serving of real, homemade potato soup.  They have a main course with two sides, and the "sides" list includes such items as banana pudding, so you can have a small desert if you don't want one of the big pie slices you see as you come in the door.       Prices are reasonable; my roasted chicken with dressing, with sweet potato casserole and cooked apples tonight were less than $9.00.     They're my favorite place around!
Cake batter, vanilla snow & peanut butter!  Topped with peanut butter chips, white chocolate chips, yogurt covered raisins and Cap'n Crunch!Not a hint of iciness in this fro-yo, yo!  A great selection of flavors, more toppings than you can shake a spoon at, and pretty cheap!  And Kosher too!  It's just too bad they didn't have any yogurt head hats available anymore, or the Spy Kits that are supposed to come with every Menchie's mix made.  But either way, this was a great frozen treat for dessert, and looking forward to getting some mo'!
We had the burnt ends and they were amazing! I think this place is even better than Black Dog in Urbana.  Wide open and casual decor.  Reasonably priced.  Great service.  I highly recommend it!
This is one of the best seafood places in Madison. The ambiance is swanky but still relaxed and there's plenty of room at the bar. I've been a few times, once on NYE, once on a Tuesday, and once for restaurant week. All three times the food has been excellent, and I especially recommend the tower options, and soft shell crab when they have them! I would highly recommend making reservations for busy events or if you have a large party. Or, you can grab some grub at the bar! Cocktail menu is .... Different. Ended up with a jalapeño tequila because I skipped the jalapeño part so read the happy hour menu carefully! On that note, the servers I've had have always known which wine to pair with you dish.
great pit stop
We finally tried this new place the food (Breakfast) & drinks (mimosas) are so good and to top it off the waiter LeRoy and manager were so friendly and awesome! Definitely will be back again!  #FreeMuffins #A1 #Delicious
You couldn't ask for a better park! They have a lakefront walking trail, perfect for walking or jogging. It's very easy to take strollers on it. They also have tennis courts, picnic areas and an excellent playground, which is mostly shaded.
Best women's athletic apparel in Madison. They break the sections of the store up by sport/exercise type. There is running, gym/training, skiing, yoga, and general outdoors apparel. I love all of their clothes and appreciate the quality Athleta offers. Their twist hoodies are perfect for running, I love their sports bras, and their pants are comfortable to workout in as well as flattering. I am a loyal fan of the twist hoodies and will most likely end up buying every color. They fit very close to the body, have awesome sweat wicking material and also boast being "anti-stink" therefore you can wear their clothes longer before having to wash - which is convenient as well as eco-friendly.  Another thing I love about Athleta is their guarantee to their customers, one can take off the tags, work-out in the clothes, and if not happy for any reason can return the items no questions asked. I think they call it their sweat guarantee.  I read about a woman who accidentally threw her yoga pants in the dryer after owning them a year. She took them to the store to ask how to remove the pilling that happened and they told her to just get a new pair, on them. Wow. I am completely comfortable and confident spending my money at Athleta.
Great service from Ron by the bar! Thanks for the house margarita!!
Had Loco Moco, biscuits& gravy etc. meal was very good, service was fast, and we never had to ask for refills
TIP #1 to Mesa-Gateway fliers: This is the ONLY bar at the airport, so live it-love it. Food is great. The burgers can be made low-carb - especially great this gurl! TIP #2: Food can be ordered to go...
I've stayed in the old fashioned rooms & in the tower suites.Thumbs up to both. Wifi available & walking distance from all the action downtown.The steakhouse by the lobby is cheap & good. Parking is free if you are staying at the hotel so that is a plus. I vouch for El Cortez 100%!!
Stopped in on a Saturday night for drinks. I had the French Onion soup & it was delicious! Drinks were good, service was excellent & great prices. Would go back. :)
We have been using J.E.P for the past 4 years and they are the best.  Effrain and his team are professional with a great eye for detail.  We have used them for everything from maintenance to a full re-landscaping of our front yard.  I would highly recommend J.E.P for all your landscaping needs.
CLOSED.Sadly.As of 10-27-2011, CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.  The Basha's in their strip closed, and that wiped out a lot of their business.Too Bad.  Nice people, selling a great product the right way.  Darn.
A cafe with a shop up front, this place serves up some serious brunch food. There are a lot of brunch plates that come in cast iron skillets, as well as bagel breakfasts (get the famous Montréal bagel!) and other small items. I got the brunch with ham, sausage and bacon, complete with scrambled eggs, duck fat potatoes and baked beans on the side. It was scrumptious and delicious! The bacon wasn't the thinly sliced kind, but a hunk of pork belly, which had a hint of sweetness and was very tender. The portion was quite large and I couldn't finish it - plus by the end I really wanted some veggies to go with it. Sort of my fault for ordering the meatiest item on the menu, really. The service was ok (bit slow but similar to other places in town), and the shop in front was lovely and sold a lot of local foodstuff - perfect for a tourist to take back home!
Had and excellent dining experience! Delicious steak frites and thanks to the amazing waitstaff led at our table by Jerry a wonderful anniversary dinner !!
Usually cheaper fuel than QT up the street. Easy in/out with plenty of pumps. I'm a regular so staff is always friendly to me but they generally are upbeat and move quick enough to get people through the line. Wish they had a better selection of Xyience energy drinks. Overall its my go to convenience store/gas station unless I want donuts or corn dogs, then I go up the road ;)
I heard this place was good and it was. I ordered a personal sized cheese pizza with no extra toppings for $7.50. and it was good. They make it like Pizza Brutta on Monroe St, where instead of being covered with a layer of cheese it has a few dollops. Novonta pulls that off (Pizza Brutta did too). Novonta's crust was good, and the rest of the pizza was even better. I really got just a plain cheese pizza, but there was more to it. Some sort of Basil or Spinach leaves in there... I don't know but it was good. It also only took like 2 minutes to make.
Most outstanding gelato I've had in North America.The recipes flavors are not only very creative, they taste amazing.The indicated flavor is exactly what it will taste like, none of that artificial stuff. Being able to sample the flavors can be a good and a bad thing - because you genuinely won't be able to make a final decision .Located right on the waterfront, you're 10ft away from gorgeous views.Huge kudos. Definitely a must.
We had a mix of empenadas tamales and enchiladas as well as a bowl of the tortilla soup for lunch and they were all delicious. The green chile enchiladas had a nice creamy sauce with very nice spice. The mole sauce was amazing and had just the right sweet and spice. The empenadas were bite size and I would have loved to try more but was just too full from the rest of the meal. Be sure to finish with a sweet empenada and some ice cream.
This place is awesome!!! Owners are so nice! I would recommend anyone to come here! Food was amazing and the sushi was by far the best in the land!
I really love this place , clean n good service Hokkaido milk tea with boba is my favorite
Well what can I say about our experience at Zenshin? Excellent as always. Their spicy tuna roll is one of my favorites there! I want to say they use wasabi to heat up their spicy tuna? They're rolls are always fresh and very delicious. The flavors of Zenshin's cuisine is beyond any sushi restaurants. Their staff is courteous and very attentive. Garret and Alisha are two of our favorite servers there. I definitely reccomend Zenshin to everyone, as it has the perfect ambiance anytime of the day which makes having any meal very delightful. We never get tired of eating at Zenshin and it's definitely my first choice for sushi. Thanks you Terrence for a superb restaurant of the best creations!
My partner and I work a lot of hours and sometimes we put in our most hours from home. We recently relocated to Fort Mill and decided to try Milano's for lunch delivery. The food was fantastic. Don't let t he minimum delivery charge ($35) fool you. We ordered two huge salads (the grilled chicken and the antipasto) and wings which we had with the leftover salad for dinner. So for $35 ($35.60 to be exact because we ordered an extra dressing) we had two fantastic meals and we didn't need to leave our home. Our food was delivered within the expected time frame, and the delivery guy was super friendly.If you live in the Fort Mill area, work a lot, happen to work form home from time to time and don't have the time or supplies in the fridge to make your own lunch/dinner, Milano's is great.
Been coming here for 15+ years and will continue coming here until I can walk. Best patties ever, double period.
This is my go to spot for wings, especially during football season. Service is always friendly, and fast considering all wings are made to order. I have seen a few negative reviews, and none of their experiences mirror any of mine. If given the chance drop by pick up a pound or two of wings and see for yourself.
Best Mexican food in East Mesa, definitely would recommend. Everything it good, especially their salsa. Prices are very fair for the quality you get. Only criticism is sometimes the horchata is a little off but that's nominal to the quality, portion, and value you get. It's very hard to find good Mexican food in this part of town and I'm very happy I found them.
The absolute best street tacos I've had outside of the Pilsen neighborhood in Chicago. Not to be missed!
Very good lunch specials with great prices. The broth here is tasty. The Banh Mi are wonderful with crusty bread and deliciously seasoned grilled pork. The service is quick, kind, and efficient. Try them out!
Simply awesome....we need more independent restaurants like this in the city.  Less emphasis on the peripherals and more on the food.  Basically they don't waste time making a nice sit down restaurant because it is not necessary for this kind of food.  So far I've only tried the Manwich because it is so deadly, but I'm definitely going to try the ribs next time (only a buck each).  Its busy for lunch but they seem to be pretty much prepared for the rush so don't let the long line fool you.  This will definitely be a regular haunt for me.
Went there for dinner this past week.. Food was great and service was outstanding !  Nice ambiance and reasonably priced.
I go here once a month. Try the wings, spring rolls, burger, any of their cocktails...I don't know, I haven't had anything bad there. Just go.
So, I had this "milestone" birthday coming up... what better way to celebrate than to jump out of a perfectly good plane.The staff (every single person) was amazing and made me feel so comfortable right from the beginning.  I was nervous, but I knew I was in good hands.  Take my advice and spring for the video package - you'll thank me later!  I never leave reviews, but because this was such a "bucket list" thing, I had to sing their praises.You have a loyal customer who will send anyone your way!Thank you for this awesome experience!
I can't imagine where I'd be without PSP. With the help of all the coaches, I have been able to crush my personal goals in a positive and inspiring atmosphere. People from all different backgrounds, from beginners to professional athletes, walk through the doors all with one thing in common - to work hard and become better. My only wish is that I would have found this place sooner.
Sweet Sweet Lou's calzones are the best I have had. Pizza is also very good, as are the pasta dishes. Service is great. Overall value very very good. A much needed establishment in the downtown area where you can sit down and have good food, a few drinks and not spend a fortune. Easy parking too
Mr.Aquino hands down has been the best lawyer I have ever dealt with. He and his office staff are the best at what they do and on top of that are SO nice. I 100% recommend using Aquino Law for anything. Thanks for all the help you guys!
Maria's had good ratings and my girlfriend loves fry bread so we gave it a shot.  I had two green corn tamales and a shredded beef taco. My girlfriend had two beef enchiladas and a plain fry bread with honey and cinnamon & sugar. The tamales were really good but what blew me away were the salsas. The tomatillo salsa had a really good flavor and like most just a little kick. The hot salsa was just hot enough to remind me I was eating fresh made authentic salsa without over powering the senses. It has a lot of flavor which goes out the door with a lot of hotter salsas. The other red salsa was amazing. I couldn't get enough of it, think it had about half the bottle. The gentleman working told me it was picked jalapenos and tomato.  The fry bread was done very well. It was fried perfectly, had a nice tanned color and was not greasy at all. After our meal it was big enough that we could both split it.
My wife and I cames here for our 3rd but this time it was for my b-day and I ate like I've never had steak before in my life.  This place is so good and when you are in there it doesn't even seem like you are in the middle of a busy casino ..l highly recommend this place.. Oh and take your special someone.
If you wanna eat good equality inexpensive Thai food this is definitely the place! There food is delicious. I highly recommend to come buy food from this place. Customer service is great. You won't regret it!
I went in today to pick up a to go order and boy am I glad I found this place. I tried the Ma Po tofu and sesame chicken and it was sooooooo good, and the portions are huge. My boyfriend and I couldn't finish it. Also if you order $15 or more you get a free soda can, which was pretty neat. I highly recommend this place and cant wait to try more!
We were looking for somewhere new and came to Yelp for help. Visited here based on other reviews and, I must say, food, service and atmosphere were excellent. There's currently a storm rolling through town (remnants of Hurricane Bill) so their outside seating was partially closed. The inside was alive and full of energy. We placed our reservations via their website, when we walked in and our reservation was right there. They are on their game. Our waitress, Cathy, was very friendly, professional and attentive. Appetizer of small sampler platter and grape leaves were incredible. For our main meal, I had the chicken sampler over rice with grilled pepper, while my wife had the Turkish lamb chops over rice, both were wonderful; there were no leftovers. For dessert, we split their rice pudding (and I'm a sucker for rice pudding). Near the end, the owner stopped by to see how we enjoyed dinner. He asked if we tried the baklava, and when he heard we hadn't, he went back to the kitchen and brought out two small pieces, perfect for sampling. Needless to say, it, too, was amazing. If I had one complaint it would be the fact that parking is at a premium in that location. We found a spot around the corner on a residential street.  Just take care not to block a driveway or park in front of a hydrant. Not that big of an issue, I was able to walk off the baklava after dinner. Thank you for a great experience and an even better dinner. We'll definitely be back... I already miss the sampler platter.
Wow! What can I say, this is the place to go in Vegas if you are looking for some rest and relaxation away from the Strip, but not too far away where you can easily get to the strip when you want to go.. They have the top rated Spa in all of Las Vegas, the nicest cleanest rooms with doorbells on them even and do not disturb button or please clean room bottom that you can just push when you need one of those things. I would highly recommend using your players club card so you can get the casino rate or even a complimentary room... The staff is super nice and friendly and take care of all your needs. They have several bars there, one near the pool and has some neat couches that you could sit on with silk covering them or you can relax outside by the pool with your drink.. They also have the district where you can go shopping conveniently located next door and many fast food restaurants where you can eat or high end or other restaurants priced in the middle.. I have been there many times and have never been disappointed!!
The food was off-the-hook delish! We had family combo #3 for two people! Thinly sliced pork belly, marinated beef . . . and great quality meats.The sides were delish and generous! I really am starting to believe the kbbq you get at ayce places don't have the best quality because they are focused on serving quanity!We had a great ice cream sandwich at the end that was made by the house. Although I had no room leftover ! The service was good and the guys came by to cook for us. Which was very nice because they cook well and it helps us relax.We took an Uber there so they gave us 10% off and an additional coupon for 10% off for another visit! A+++!
Wow! Took my son there tonight on a buy one get one free bowl. We both had spicy chicken with brown rice and veggies.  First the chicken, perfectly char grilled with crispy goodness, tender with just the right amount of spice.  Next the rice, brown I might add, sticky just perfect for a chicken bowl and easy to use chop sticks with.  Finally the veggies, crisp but not crunchy, soft yet not mushy. Great combo, and great interaction with owner/manager.  We will be returning soon.
Great food.  Great drink prices.   Great sports watching.  What's not to love?
Michelle Gilman was an awesome host and made my sister's bachelorette weekend a very memorable one! Thank you so much for putting us on the guest list!!
I have been seeing Dr Keller about 8 years now and while going to see your Gyno is not the most fun thing to do, she is one of my favorite doctors.  Her fun, upbeat personality and her friendly caring, staff have always been consistent and professional.  You may have to wait a few minutes on a phone call as her office gets busy, but her staff have always been pleasant and patient with me and all my questions.  *Warning* She is a firecracker.. straight forward and blunt and is full of laughs.  If you cannot handle that, then I suggest you go elsewhere.  But if you appreciate a no fluff doctor who has personality, who spends endless time educating herself and her patients and who doesn't just see you as an insurance payment and a lab result.. then I highly recommend Dr Maria Keller.  Dr Keller is one of the only doctors I have been able to build a cohesive relationship with, which in turn provides me the best women's health care.  For me, that gives me comfort.  Her office is also relaxing and calming.. makes me feel like I'm on a beach/ next to the ocean, rather than a doctors office.  I have lived in many different cities (west coast and east coast) and have not been able to find all this in any other doctor.
Room is large. We booked last minute online & got a good deal. Clean. Smells a little but whatever.  The bed is bouncy and comfy and the pillows are awesome. The shower pressure is great! And breakfast is amazing. Special thanks to the wonderful Sarjit for helping me accommodate my special needs at breakfast (I have weird allergies). You made my morning great before a long day of driving and snack foods in the car.
My boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised by not only the amazing service, but the super fun decor and attention to detail. The food was absolutely delicious. We had the beef and pork combination #3 and we're completely stuffed! The dessert was fabulous as well. Everything about this place is 5 stars. Even the bathrooms were kitschy and fun like the rest of the place. Highly recommend!
I eat here every time I go to Las Vegas.  Excellent food and service, always. Enough said.
Only the best brownie on Earth.  I stopped in because I saw the now open sign and figured I'd support a new business in the area.  Everything looked amazing so I ordered my mainstay, chocolate brownie and I am not sure how to describe it but if you can envision a brownie and a hunk of fudge having a baked good baby, this is it.  Not that light crumbly thing that some pass off as a brownie, this was a big ol hunk of wonderful thick chocolaty, moist, amazingness the likes of which I have never tasted.  Please don't tell my trainer I stopped in here cause he'd make me work more but this is worth it.  My trainer says that you should absolutely love your food and use it as a special treat rather than the norm, well, I found my cheat day brownie for reals.  And, they use organic ingredients.  How amazing...
I have been here multiple times and loved it. Yes, I have had a taco I did not like. It was not for lack of quality or the way it was served or cooked. I didn't like the ingredients and that's something I learned. The service was great and there are multiple food(taco) options. I love eating here.
This is my favorite spot. My boyfriend and I always come here to have a quick lunch. They just updated their menu with new items and of course if you check in you get a free drink. The staff is very friendly, and they provide excellent customer service. My friend is allergic to shellfish and they accommodated that when asking about the items. Needless to say I will always be a regular customer here. My favorite items are the curry udon and chicken karaage. They used to have taiyaki and if they ever do make it again, be sure to try it out for dessert!
Yay for Restaurant Week!  This place was fantastic!  I ordered the Scallops, Filet Mignon, and Peanut Butter Bar.  All were excellent.  The Filet was cooked to medium rare and it was perfect!  The sauce it came with was amazing and the veggies were delicious.  I wish they had put more on the plate (I only got maybe 5 small wedge potatoes and 5 small asparagus) cause they were so, so good.  I wasn't thrilled with the dessert options, but I asked the waiter which dessert was his favorite, and he chose the peanut butter bar.  He was right!  That was so good.  I had a bite of the bread pudding and that was also very good.  I will have to say that I definitely preferred the peanut butter bar though. :)  The staff was very nice and organized.  We will definitely be back!
Everything was phenomenal from start to finish. Beautiful fish and delicious dishes... our server Jerome (Jerone?) was superb and made a tasting menu for us based upon our preferences and it was perfection. We can't wait to come back to Vegas and dine here again- what an amazing experience! Morimoto doesn't disappoint!!
I went to Biggs yesterday somewhat reluctantly because some reviews said it was hard to get waited on and the staff was arrogant. I was very surprised. Three people asked me if I needed help. They actually smiled. The person I worked most closely with was Brandee. She was very pleasant and helpful. Best of all she was patient with a customer (me) who wasn't quite sure of what I needed. She absolutely knew what she was doing. The rest of the staff did too.I went there on a Monday, mid-afternoon. It might be best to go there on a weekday. I was helped immediately but I suspect on the weekend the place is more crowded. If you want a patient and pleasant salesperson ask for Brandee!
Our server seated us promptly and was helpful in assisting with food and beverage choices. Our drinks and food arrived quickly. Everything was delicious! Great, warm environment, I'll be back and I highly recommend others to check it out.
9 months ago I was here. Very good customer service over the phone and in person. Andy was able to walk me through the online portion and got my photos for a good price. It beats other places. Will return too this store. A++++++
I came with a group of friends from out of town. We went to the bar twice, once for happy hour and once on our last night in town. They had a great karaoke set up and great drinks. We all had a great time and danced the night away. They also had an arcade. We didn't play any of the games but it was cool to see in a bar.
This is our 3rd time here.  This place has an Asheville vibe.  The staff are all happy & ambitious.  The food is delivered fast, accurately, & is better for us than at most other places.  Homemade apple butter on the tables, honey instead of high fructose corn syrup jams, meatless alternatives, creative entree choices, breakfast potatoes that are baked rather than fried, very good grits, good portion sizes, and chicken sausage that is very good.  My husband typically hates chicken sausage, but actually loved it at Flying Biscuit!  Their bacon is turkey bacon & it too, is good.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
Went here for a mani and pedi. They not only did a great job with my help pedi, but also did awesome on my sns nails. I took off my acrylics before I went and a few on my nails were weird shaped due to me snagging them before i could get them done again. Not only did they put tips on the ones that needed it, they took the time to make sure both hands matched! I will definitely be coming back again!
When I was new to the area a few years ago, I found Bethel Barbershop and was hooked ever since. The team there is top notch and their barbers are in high demand. Great for adults and kids.
so i'm greek and every time i go here, i get yelled at for not coming in all the time.  honestly, when i want greek food, either i make it myself or i go to mom's house and just have to say, "ma, i'm hungry." and boom, there's a plate in front of me.that aside, this place is about as family style greek cooking as it gets.  it does taste like what i grew up eating.  the spanakopita is flaky, buttery and moist as it should be.  melts in your mouth.  the dolmathes are very rich and with a good splash of lemon juice taste great.  i havent been there in some time so i'm not sure if he's still serving falafel but when he did, damn it was good.  some of the best i've had, period.  but the gyros are where it's at.  i can only have one of these every so often or i think my heart may come to an arresting halt.  there's just a ton of lamb falling out of the pita and there is no sexy way to eat it so you end up looking like a bulldog eating a jar of mayonnaise.hit this place if your an ethnic foodie.  you wont be disappointed.  even when the owner yells at you for not coming in all the time.
We have been going to this office for over four years, and we love it. The front staff is great, the nurses are wonderful and Dr. Mousser is the best doctor ever! I recommend them to everyone I know!
I seriously thought that "religious experience" hot dogs were only available in New York city or Fenway Park.  I was wrong.  Jerry, the guy who runs the cart makes an incredible dog.  While I was ordering people were coming up and telling him how good they were.  The "Jerry Dog" is easily the best hot dog I have had yet.  5 stars, dude!  Wow!
My son and I have been going to Infinity Dental for the last few years; everyone is super nice and very attentive.  We have never waited longer than 5 minutes to be seen, appointments are very easy to make-His office staff does an excellent job with customer service, office is really bright and clean. Doug himself is an amazing dentist, funny, professional, and patient. He is very knowledgeable and always takes the time to get to know you and answer all your questions. I have been to some other dental offices here in Las Vegas, and Infinity Dental is the only Dental office that always makes the infamous dentist visit AWESOME!
The owner Craig is very fast efficient knowledgeable thank you so much for excellent resume I will definitely use him again and referred him to friends and family.  I'm working in the customer service industry therefore I know good customer service thanks for an awesome job Greg sincerely Robert Adlam
We had the oxtail pho special and it was phenomenal.  You must help keep this nice local business in business!  We will be back
The BEST meal I had in Toronto or a tie to the Roti I had.We went during their Hooch Hour (5-7pm) to take advantage of the drink and shots specials ($5 drinks and $2 shots). You can't beat this as liquor is so regulated in Toronto. Its a happy hour to visit.My boyfriend and I split a lot of the food which is mostly made fresh and in-house...down to the dressing. We both got mixed green salads which were good but not the star. The Mac and Cheese was awesome - I like their twist on the cheeses and backed to perfection. The duck fat fries made us order another batch they were so good. I mean its fried in DUCK FAT! The pulled pork grilled cheese was awesome too and comes with a chutney. You can taste the effort they put into their food.Awesome place for date night or to meet up with friends. It got really packed on a Saturday around 7pm.
I'm a fairly healthy 28 year old that doesn't take a lot of medication so I can't say anything about the other review. I do know that the three visits I've had with Dr. Sadowsky have been great! She listened, asked for my input and genuinely gave me the impression that she cared.  Its tough finding the right doctor so her holistic approach might not be for everyone but I appreciated her thorough consultation and hesitation to make medication the first option.
Amazinggggggggggggggggggg!!!!!!Best Steak Ever...The Mac n Cheese was something else.. It was super awesome!The lobster.. oh man! This was the best dinner ever... Worth every penny..Service was Great...
Excellent food, enormous portions, and friendly staff.  The salsa is so good that I'm going to forego my usual burrito enchilada style and just dump a cup of salsa over it. The cheese quesadilla comes with a generous garnish of Pico and olives. We will be back!
This place is blow your mind good. I had the carnitas tacos, they were larger than usual tacos and the flavor was outstanding. We sat at the bar and had hands down, some of the best service. The spicy cucumber margarita is delicious and highly recommended!
Serious five-starness, to the point that my eyes are burned by the brightness of the five-stars.The food here is slobberific, the service personable and AWESOME. Wine-pairing dead on. I pity the fool who doesn't utilize the knowledgeable staff, and all they have to recommend.Unforgettable:  1) Lobster fritters on a stick w/ creme fraiche (like fancypants corn dogs!)2) Sublime skirt steak, the ultimate test of a steak place, this one was incredible in texture and flavor3) Trio of duck fat fries, mmm animal fat=flavor4) Trio of potato purees (lobster, corn, &  horseradish), a great creamy smear to dollop onto your steak while you eat itAfter a delish dessert, and an aperitif, bfriend and I were warmly sent on our way with a little bag of fiddle-faddle. How cute it that?MAD PROPS to my fellow yelpster Ms.Elizabeth B.  for insisting that I eat here.
Love it here! Very delicious and great customer service! Love the prime rib and lobster.
First time eating here with a girlfriend and we're both hooked! Came for dinner and since there is no dinner buffet we tried a couple things off the menu. I will say everything was awesome, and their tandoori chicken was especially amazing. Super sweet and attentive service. Awesome experience, and I honestly might do a takeout order asap because I'm craving it already.
Our dinner at the Chart House tonight was excellent. Paul was our server, and he knew the menu inside and out. I have never had seafood prepared as perfectly as these guys did it. Scott's blackened fish was his perfection, and my swordfish was as moist and juicy as I have ever had it. Crab cakes were incredible, and the chocolate lava dessert left us craving more. Great job, guys...
This place has the best nan bread, it's so good.  The food is authentic vegetarian Indian food.  I admit the sitting area is not too big and appealing.  But the food really triumphant that.  The value is really good too.  When ordering the Vege Thali, you don't have to order a sweet dish if you don't like it.  You can get another vege curry dish instead, no extra charge.
This place is seriously sooo good! Very fresh and delicious Japanese and Korean food. Ugh the meat MELTS in your mouth. And the owner is very pleasant. Highly recommend!!!
YUmmy bbq brisket.  Fast and friendly service.  Clean, large servimgs sizes,good prices. Came for lunch and it was quick.
Friendly people, great service, and the lemon pepper wings were amazing. I will be back!
Amazing service and really good Chai tea! If you check in you get a free chair tea!! Amazing add a little sugar! They have amazing little mango juice boxes as well! My husband ordered a chicken wrap and he loved it! I ordered a yummy burger and I was pleased! Very yummy, couldn't get pictures because we ate our food.
I went to see Denise today, after a lash disaster at Beyond Beauty Lashes, and she did an amazing job. She kept apologizing for the uncomfortable removal that was due to the other salon gluing the lashes close to my skin as well as the massive clumping she had to work through one by one. Denise was so nice and really took care in the removal and application of my new lashes and I love them! CLL is well worth the money to go and get a professional that knows what they're doing to apply your lashes. Beware of the fakes. I had to learn the hard way before coming to my senses and going to CLL.
This is THE BOMB!!! My family had the trifecta (little messy on 1) 2 is perfect for a medium ammo
Some of the best NY style I have period. Thin crispy dough holds up. No fold needed. Primo.
Time to update our review!We have been coming to this family owned gem since it opened. They care about their food and it shows. They have the same guys in the kitchen most of the time we come. This place is not big and fancy but it's not a dive. They serve quality food and they make it to order. Check out their original store Bella Luna on Litchfield and Indian School for amazing Italian fare.
The crew here takes great care of the customers. I have very ticklish feet and they know just how to treat them.     The place is clean and the prices are fair. Get your loved one a gift certificate because you care and it makes a wonderful "takes up no space" gift to have them treat themselves.   If I'm ever going to have my feet taken care of, Sunset Nails on Stephanie is my first choice.
Got the whole house special which included carpet and tile cleaning. And I must say that I got a steal of a deal. Very happy with the work they did. They are very professional and allow you to walk through the house and you just tell them if they missed a spot (of course they didn't miss anything). Opted to come back when they were done. They texted me 30 minutes prior to being done, which I appreciated. Tiles look nice and clean and carpets are too. Definitely will use them again in the future.
Excellent.  I could not find anything to improve.  The service was superb and the steak was excellent. Large wine selection.The location, especially during the Formula One weekend, couldn't be more centrally located.I recommend adding this to your to do list.
This little shop is home of Waffles, glorious, fresh and hot little waffles with ice cream or whipped cream toppings for your pleasure. I've heard a lot of great things about this place but only just dropped by the other day for dessert with friends and I was blown away. The waffles were hot and had a hearty scoop of Ice cream sat upon it, and as it melted they filled the little ridges of the waffles perfectly with sweet and richness. The shop itself is tiny and cozy and smells delicious. There is enough seating for about 7 people but it's a good snack to have while walking around squirrel hill on a nice day.The sugar waffles are a good medium size but the ice cream topping or whipped cream topping is quite large so I'd advise people not to eat here if they are full from a previous dinner. Make room for dessert!
Awesome place to go. Their motto says it all, "little place, big flavors" or something like that. It's just really really good.
Fish and Chips in the dessert - this cheezy place is incredible.  Sign me up!  $8.00 and I close my eyes and I am in Northern Scotland at Banchory Lodge. My first trip here I sit with an Arizona Senator and his family. NO CREDIT CARDS - all outdoor seating and barrios neighbors but still, well done.
"I love getting my nails done here".  The customer service is excellent!!! Eric is my favorite nail technician. After several years of frequenting other nail salons my natural nails became very weak and damaged. Eric has brought my nails back to health.....now they are strong with length. I love this place!!!"
KLC nails is the best!  Charlie and Lee are amazingly talented and some of the nicest people you will meet.  They ALWAYS remember your name and what you like.  Their new location on Odana is beautiful and clean and BIG.  You never have to wait more then 10min on a walk in (of course no wait if you make an apt!)  KLC nails is the only place I get my nails done.
I have been to the others (Vegeway, Veggie House) several times, so of course I had to try this place. The restaurant decor is... not attractive. But whatever, the food is good, great variety. Similar menu to veggie house, but with some added stuff like sushi, ramen and pho, etc. Our server was Li, and she was so lovely and sweet. She made the experience even better. I will go again.
Delightful new restaurant in Fountain Hills.  Had an enjoyable dinner here last evening with my husband.  Intimate atmosphere without be stuffy.  Food was excellent.  We shared the charcuterie platter which was more than enough for two people when you are ordering other items.  My husband had the Cuban panini and I had the Apple, Brie, and Avocado salad. Nice wine selection offered.  We will definitely return when we visit Arizona again in the fall.
Caramba's is one of my favorite local chains. Grew up going to the 67th and Bell location and now go to the 23rd and Bell location. My personal favorite is the Pollo Fundido. The rice and beans are excellent as well. I also recommend the Mexican Pizza.
Honest people! I left my CA Drivers License and it was sent to me thru mail after a few days. Good food and drinks were being served. You'll feel safe because there's some Police Officer going around the area to check what's going on! Me and my girlfriends from California had so much fun! Thank you for an awesome experience Blue Martini!
This place was so cool! We stopped in before dinner one night out for a friends birthday. They were describing it to us on our way there. The "bar in a house" concept was way cooler in person. The atmosphere is fun, we arrived before 6 and it was a bit tight, not much sitting room. But, we were told the upstairs opened at 6, so I am guessing there would have been much more seating. The drinks were excellent! They are known for their cocktails made with fresh ingredients and they did not disappoint.
We've been going to the restaurant for 6 years and year after year it gets better and better. The staff is very accommodating, the New menu is very good, the BBQ Salmon and French Onion soup is awesome!  I've used there catering service for several events most recently a Christmas party and everyone raved about the appetizers.  I shouldn't be commenting on desserts because I don't need them but there desserts are amazing!
Appetizers and salads were delicious. server and owner spent time with us, and were gracious and helpful.  We thought the falafel was undercooked and soup bland but we loved everything else. We'll definitely return!
Casbah is my absolute favorite restaurant!! I love the sort rib ravioli. The beet salad is terrific and the rasberry bread pudding is to die for! The valet service is a nice touch so you don't have to worry about parking!! One of the times I am going to make it to the brunch!!
AMAZING!!. Great service. great premium meat unlike subways processed meat. the customer service and friendliness at CHACHI'S is beyond perfect they sure know how to keep a customer coming back!!.the spicy Italian is by far the best seller and best sub I've ever tried at a sandwich restraunt. highly reccomened going and bringing the family!. reasonable pricing for a perfect sandwich!.only negative thing I can think of is they don't serve bacon at all. not much of a problem but I think the subs would be even greater with some good old bacon!!
Best ayce I have ever been too fresh sushi and great service this place is a must try !!
Having been an avid frequenter of bookstores in New York (while living there 50+ years before moving to Concord), and having visited many others while traveling domestically and abroad, I can wholeheartedly say that Books-A-Million is nothing short of an A-1 first-class operation. With a relaxed atmosphere, diverse selection of books, music, magazines and gifts, there is something here for everyone, Thank you Chris, David, Cylie, Sarah, Michael and Aleia for providing top-notch customer service.
This place has very good service for screen replacement services. I came across Desert Wireless through yelp and picked them because they had so many good reviews. It was definitely the the right choice. I replaced my iphone 6 glass and lcd screens for $165. They had it done pretty quickly and within the time frame they gave me. I would come here again if I need phone services in the future.
Highly recommend Dr. Peterson.  He has been our optometrist for over 10 years.  He is honest, thorough and explains things in detail.  His staff is friendly and helpful.  He is the best in town!
Always happy with Clever Koi. The menu is unique and the service is always good. I like how the owners all work there because you can tell they really care about their customers and the experience that they have.
Have known the owner, Ian, since grade 3 and was so excited to check out his restaurant!  Fantastic experience, cozy atmosphere, very friendly staff!  Incredible food and beautifully executed.Can't wait to go back!
Wow! I remember seeing this place open up near my apartment. Didn't look like much but me being the way I am insisted on trying it. Apparently it's everything I ever dreamed of: asian buffet (good quality food as opposed to the crap you find on most asian buffets), and ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!When I found out about the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI I kinda felt unnerved at the idea, presuming it would most likely be pretty gross. Man was I ever proved wrong. I have eaten in a lot of Toronto's sushi joints and this place definitely has some of the best sushi in town.As for the environment it is very clean. Washrooms are beautiful. Servers are all very nice when you can get their attention. Though they have gotten better. When we first started going in we were some of their first customers so we got astounding service. When the pace started to pick-up though we noticed the quality of service diminish. But they have made some good improvements. They're a new business so I'll give them a break this time I guess.If there were any quirks about the place I'd have to point out it would be their hilarious selection of music. Some nights you will go in and it will be good ol asian music straight through. But other times we have been in there you get the classic asian music mixed with unbelievably random songs ranging from forgot about dre (Dr. Dre and Slim Shady) to what I think was a bootlegged Iron Maiden song. All in all one of my favourite spots in the city if your looking for a good meal for an awesome price.Speaking of price, lunch is from 1100-1600 and costs $10 for the buffet. After 1600 its $14. On weekend add $2 to both of those prices.Also, Oishi Sushi was just recently licensed to serve liquor and their beer is dirt cheap at less than $4 a bottle (domestic)!!!If your ever up in the Downsview area be sure to hit this place up. Would recommend over any Wasabi and maybe even over the Mandarine with Oishi Sushi introduction of Crab Legs to their dinner buffet!
Their Pork Belly Ramen answered my craving for that crispy pork skin on layers of tender pork and a little pork fat. The soup stock is very flavorful and the noodles are just perfect! Their tuna chips and chicken wings are also good.  I also like the vibe in Clever Koi. I got to speak with one of the young owners. Very friendly. Highly recommending this place if you want something Asian with the LA vibe.
$8.00 for the meatiest, juiciest, and flavorful gyro! I wish that I paid more for the extra sauce! my only complaint!
Came here with a couple friends and we got the 6 course meal, and it was amazing. Very fresh and delicious. I don't remember the names of all the dishes, there were a few hot dishes and nigiri/sashimi plates. I loved the dessert, I got the matcha cheesecake with strawberry sorbet, my friends got the chocolate mousse with black sesame ice cream.
Great place. I went there on the opening weekend and they had a waiting list. It did seem a little disorganized, people going this way, people going that way, I can't count that against them though. I am sure it will probably become a well oiled machine in the coming month or so. The one and only complaint I have is the wait for a pizza! There is a warning on the menu saying that there is a 40-60 minute wait for the pizza because it's hand made...really, an hour!? I love pizza and Uncle Bears, which is a 15 foot walk has equally as good of pizza when you consider that it's ready in 10 minutes. That said everyone was very nice.
after 6 yrs in Charlotte finally made it in & it was worth every minute of the wait!  I had the ahi tuna watermon tacos & the ramen.  Simply oh la la!!  can't add any more to what everyone else has said to this marvelous place except create a phone in waiting list, accept reservations, & when is a bigger location to be opening & another location in the Ballantyne area.
We needed some odd size passport-type photos for a country in Europe as well as regular US passport photos.  We had gone to another store and they weren't helpful at all.  The folks at this PostNet went out of their way to help us out.  They researched the correct size online and then had their graphic designer size them to the correct specs.  They were friendly and knowledgeable, and in my opinion, went above and beyond.  I highly recommend this store for all your postal and printing needs.
Service was exceptional. The food was great. Coming all the way from Maryland on a Canadian family visit, we started off well with the food part. I had the Chicken Adana and my husband the Lam and we both loved it. Our server was the best. My oh My , can we get that in Maryland? Jk jk. Lol We will definitely come back
Delicious!  This has to be one of the best airport restaurants I have eaten at.  I ordered the Tortilla soup as an appetizer and the Green Chili Cheeseburger with Fries for my entree.  The soup was flavorful and well seasoned with just the right amount of kick.  The cheeseburger was moist and tender, cooked to perfection.  The green chili is warm, but not extremely hot.  The seasoned french fries are superb - hot, crunchy, with just the right amount of seasoning.  I would highly recommend a stop at this restaurant when passing through Sky Harbor.
Excellent breakfast and a fun place to go with kids! We have only ever had breakfast here, and on their breakfast menu the waffles amazing! The breakfast tacos and scramble bowls are excellent too.
Good music. Good food. Good staff. Yellowtail appetizer is amazing and prices are fair.
Chada Thai, Ocha, and Weera fans, you've got serious competition. This place has southern Thai food that rivals the best in town and beats street food in Bangkok. Thai beef salad is incredible. Soups are great, and the noodle dishes have complex and spicy flavors. Even their dry chili has a smoky taste unlike the rest. Of that's enough, this place has soul. It's a late night spot, often busy after midnight. And there is usually someone playing on stage.
Yes! I'm officially addicted to this pizza. Honestly, the only good New York style pizza in Madison. I'm originally from New Jersey (yes, I am aware that is *not* New York) so I've missed a good thin crust.So far, the eggplant pizza is my favorite. I mean, I've liked all the ones I had. I think the ratio of the ingredients is good.I ordered a salad yesterday to pretend like I was being healthy in addition to the giant slice of pizza I was going to consume. They give a good amount of salad! The feta in the Mediterranean salad is super yummy, though on the salty side.I went there again today, after ordering delivery yesterday. I don't plan on going tomorrow, but we will see.
The service and food was fantastic! Definitely worth the visit.  Oh and make sure you try the margaritas!!
Superb fusion of American and Vietnamese cuisine.  on the table are plates of oxtail fried rice, fried oysters, mekong river soup (made with beef, fishball, shrimp, and pork)... Dungeness crabs and Branzino.  All entrees are well prepared and are an explosion of taste. Yummy to my tummy.  Can't wait to revisit.
I definitely recommend this vet office !They are really nice and Very helpful !The prices are good too! The vet tech was really nice and made my Ruger feel very comfortable! The vet is also an amazing person ! Ruger really liked her and warmed up to her fast! She prescribed him a good cocktail and made him all better!! "He had an ear infection "
Finally! A place for good tacos! I'm from southern CA and love Baja style tacos and finally found some here in AZ. Homemade refried beans were yummy too and good rice! I had a prickly pear margarita with my meal which was a bonus. It's in a strip mall and it feels fast-foody (you order at the counter) but I didn't mind that. Will definitely be back when I want Mexican food.
Here in Phoenix on business and tried this place.Everything is great, I had onion and cheese pierogis and still needed more so then tried potato and cheddar cheese equally great. Staff was super attentive and I would travel from California just to eat here.
This place is legit. I went for a Chicago style dog and they delivered 110%. The dog had a perfect "pop" when you bite into it (essential) and tasted just like it does in the states but with better tactics. The sports peppers are thinly chopped, which are the main difference. Other than that. Everything else tastes exactly the same. Spot on!
My day was centered around visiting Sweetie Fry today as I wanted to totally treat myself to a gluttonous lunch.  I had to wait until they opened (2:30) but it was no problem as I hung out at Phoneix Coffee, right down the street.  I introduced myself  to the owner, Keith and was treated to sample after sample of all of the AMAZING flavors that he had to offer.  Pumpkin flavors will certainly steal the show this time of year and his small soup pot of salted caramel should not be missed,  he took the time to put caramel onto a small spoon for me to sample.  Goat Cheese with honey and walnuts was my choice after trying everything.  My head was reeling after so many wonderful samples.  Vegan-non dairy fruit sorbets are present for some nice variety and you can tell they stand behind the perfection in each flavor!  I can only hope that the strawberry sour cream will be there the next time I visit.  The color and flavor of this one was so fresh and reminded me of strawberries that we would pick and eat at the local strawberry patch in my hometown.After enjoying a perfect basket of fries with gorgonzola cheese and tabasco sauce, I was ready to commit to a few flavors of ice cream.  What was the most refreshing thing about my visit was the enthuiaism of the owner.  He is on to something here, especially if customers are so valued as I was!
Saw a wonderful, not to be missed magic show featuring a great magician and juggler Craig Davis, his bird Peaches, and beautiful assistant/belly dancer Myryka!  Mr. Davis' wife Jeanette also sings for the show, but wasn't able to be there singing tonight.This show is G-rated, so you can bring the kids.  Great for all ages, and worth the drive to Scottsdale!
Awesome dinner at Stone & Vine with my family last week. Bruschetta was great and my wife and I split a Chicken Parmigiana. The place was jumping on a weeknight, felt like a weekend. Great to see this restaurant thriving in the South Chandler area. Keep up the great food and service!
Staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome! The wings are good too! And so many other things! Great place to eat.
I LOVE eddies !!! Our bartender Andrew is the best! That is the main reason me and my boyfriend came back. In addition the food is great and the drinks are too!
Great food, great people.I have mad respect for a place that not only has great food (and of course vegan options) but is also run by nice people.  Food is fresh made and you I was seriously treated like a friend while i was there.  Great lunch spot!
Great museum, great collections, great special shows. As good or better than the Los Angeles county collections. Maybe the only free museum in the USA ?
We realized last night that our tires were not in great shape. After reading the Yelp reviews, we decided to give Discount Tire a try. I am so glad we did. We got there right at 7:15 am and were the first people in the garage. We were out by 7:30, and would've been sooner if I'd realized that our car had a wheel lock. We got four tires installed on our Jetta for less than $275. We will absolutely be back the next time our car needs tires. Thank you so much to Discount Tire for being so quick and friendly!
Soul has a very music vibe with upbeat music an extensive menu and creative drinks. The truffle fries are awesome and their entire sushi menu is great! Will definitely be coming back again and again!
I try the new french toast plate with bacon...Delicious!!!They have my favorite cashier at graveyard.  No matters what time is   she is all the time happy and friendly..   i love to come to this jack...
The food tastes really homemade :) I had the goulash which was super tasty and the chicken paprikash- both really good! The server was very sweet and friendly too. My only issue was that the dubonet I ordered came in a pretty dusty glass but the server apologized right away and brought me a new one when I told her.
Dope sandwiches. Super quick service. A little expensive but hey. Better than every other cheap restaurant in the neighbourhood!!!
Awesome hand decorated for any type of events. I brought these cookies to an event in California fee years and they were a hit!
Not cheap, but fast, efficient, and courteous.  Called warranty company Old Republic and they sent AM/PM PLUMBING and got the run around for 2 days. 3 toilets and 2 showers with NO drainage.  In the end, called Apple Plumbing on my own.  Came out same day, Grant was courteous, on time, AND FIXED THE PROBLEM with a 75 foot line from the roof, the tech used about 65 feet of his line and AM/PM told me he couldn't fix it with 100 foot line (lies lies).  Just FYI -Don't flush Costco Kirkland "flushable" wipes, they don't break down.  This company was there for us and we won't forget it.  Thanks for your help!!!
This is the only place we come for Chaat!!!! Mouth watering....you will keep going back for more :-)
Awesome little dive bar and billiards. My friend is a member so we went on a Wednesday night. It was not crowded, and there was a nice selection of liquors and bottled beer. We were not charged for a pool table, its first come, first serve. We played pool for about 3 hours and had several drinks during that time. The bill was so reasonable, I had to check to make sure that everything had been put on our bill. This is a place I would come back to whenever I am in Charlotte.
Well I ordered from here again and it was great!!!!!Boyfriend tried the Oh no roll 2!  He said it was excellent! He really liked the  fried soft shell crab on it.For the first time we tried the Mexican roll... It really tasted like a Mexican! A little bell pepper kind of light jalapeño. Was really good! The crab they use it very good! Most places use imitation crab, not sure if they do, either way its pretty good.Crab rangoon has great wonton crisp. Nice and thick, not oily.I love their Philadelphia Roll, but I get it with shrimp instead of salmon. The BEST! The avocado roll should be called The Green Marshmallow,( so fluffy)  I think its the best avocado roll in vegas... Its so simple but packed with avocado! Young man took my order he was very friendly and got my order perfect!Once again the wasabi was disgusting but I have my own. I learned from the last times.
My favorite Chinese takeout place that I've found around the Ballantyne area. Doesn't look amazing on the inside but we never eat in. I usually order the chicken and broccoli and last time I went for the garlic shrimp. I'm always scared to try new things but I loved it! New favorite. The portions are huge. We often eat down for dinner and have lunch the next day too from one serving. We also order it with chicken fried rice which is way better than the pork fried rice most dishes automatically come with. Think it's $1 extra. They have the lowest prices of any Chinese food places we've been too around here.
My favorite coffee shop on the west side of Madison, super friendly staff and owners, I see a lot of people I know when I go there, I love the atmosphere, especially the outdoor patio. Plus they have fantastic food and coffee
If you're like me, nothing makes you more angry than getting a ticket. There I am minding my own business and the car next to me makes the same turn I do at the same time (two turn lanes mind you) and the police officer decides to give just me a ticket.  How do they decide who they pull over?  I heard of this company through a friend at school and the whole process couldn't be easier. You don't have to complete it all in one session so it won't suck your day and life away. Helpful "need help" tab on the side where someone is there to help you out with the registering process. Scanned and emailed my info and I was enrolled in minutes.Hopefully, you don't get a ticket. But if you do. This company made it painfully easy to take care of it!
Had an appointment for an eye checkup and to get my first pair of glasses in over a decade, and they couldn't have really made it more painless.  Dr. Jordan was professional, knowledgable, and most importantly - personable.  They got me in quick with no hassle and I didn't have to wait very long at all.  Jen was great in helping me select and set up the frames that fit my needs!  I look forward to continuing to go to them for all my future optical needs, barring that I don't wake up one day with super vision :-)
Best Mediterranean Restaurant in Las Vegas!!! Fresh Pita with jalapeño hummus to start...wow the bread was hot and warm and the hummus was creamy and smooth the BEST hummus I've had ever! Chicken Garlic soup should be permanently on the menu...wow taste like moms! Farooj by far my favorite!
Dr. Brown at Comfort Care has been our dentist for about ten years.  The staff is friendly and helpful, he's awesome, and the hours are flexible.  Whether you need a weekend appointment or a time after you get off work, they will get you in, and even when your insurance company is ridiculously hard to deal with, Comfort Care will make it work.  Procedures are quickly completed and the patient is kept as comfortable as possible.  I highly recommend this office.
I always go to Basch's for my jewelry and watch repair needs. The staff is extremely friendly and goes out of their way to get to know you. The inventory is full of very unique watches, clocks, fine, and fashion jewelry. There is even a dog who is in there frequently and he is the sweetest! Highly recommended.
Excellent customer service, Amazing selection of pipes and vapes, and compared to prices in Atlanta, the prices here are great because there is something for almost everyone, cost wise which made the pleasant experience even better
I love this place and I really love my lashes. This is the first time I had my lashes done and I was nervous but Stacie Reed did an amazing job. She took her time and explained everything in detail including how to care for them and now I am hooked and can't wait for my fill
It's awesome here!!The guys are soooo hot and nice!!The host London is amazing at the mic and getting the crowd excited!!highly recommend this place!!
We usually stop at Juniper Grill in Peters Township. Very glad we decided to go here today. I really enjoyed the rotisserie chicken tortilla soup as a starter but the special of the day was really spectacular. It was scallops over rice with a delicious lobster sauce and a very interesting coleslaw.My wife is enjoying the shrimp and crab enchiladas also.
Second time eating here, even better than the first time. While I did not partake in the AYCE, the staff was just as attentive and friendly. Sakana still has the best fish to rice proportion of nagiri I have ever had. The albacore nagiri with the garlic sauce is simply divine and the salmon was fresh. Same with the honey toast for dessert, my only minor complaint with the toast is that it stuck to the bottom of the dish (not a big deal though). Definitely planning a return trip soon.
simply the best calamari I've ever had (probably because they also serve sushi).  We've been here numerous times and the food is always superb!
SO much friendlier than the downtown phx location. The girl barista there is just ugly to me every time I walk in. The barista here was super playful and nice. Best coffee around!
I've come here multiple times for breakfast and am never disappointed by the food! The breakfast potatoes are cooked perfectly and the omelets are full of flavor! Will definitely continue to go.
Love this salon or rather my stylist - colorist Kristen! She is the best colorist I've found for red hair! If it's not quite right she will make it right . I hate it when I can't get in with her.
I brought my 7 year-old car to Gloss-It with some major scratches, and lots of finish issues.  After their expert process, my car looks better than new.  I am extremely pleased with the professionalism and expertise offered.  My car looks so beautiful, I don't want to take it out of the garage.  I highly recommend Gloss-It for anyone who wants to keep their car looking shiny new.
Michaela did such an amazing job on my hair!I am very picky about my blonde but it came out amazing, such a good tone and texture. Everytime she cuts my hair it feels amazing and fresh. I now live in Denver and wait till Im in Vegas on business to have my hair done by her.I strongly suggest calling Tony Morenos and requesting Michaela!
Love these guys! Great food, great service, and open till 3 am! LOVE THIS!
At Burrito Burrito it really is awesome! If you are looking for a nice relaxing place to eat after a long day, Burrito Burrito is the place to be! Whenever I take a bite from a Burrito, from Burrito Burrito, my mouth waters because of their finest ingredients. I always want to come back for more! It's also a nice atmosphere where everyone is welcome, so go ahead and treat yourself. I definitely think that Burrito Burrito has the best Burrito! I recommend all to try for yourselves!!
Hands down the best jerkey I have eaten I love my meat and if your a meat lover like I am i recommend coming here. The owner is such a sweet guy and funny to talk to very passionate about what he does and I love that about him and his product. I'm hooked on his new orange shock if your a blue moon or shock top person like I am i recommend it if not I recommend the cracked pepper it will get you hooked.
Very friendly, Great Wash, leaving car looking great and brand new. Won't be disappointed, they are pretty fast as well !
What a beautiful park!  Make sure to get off the strip and head out here.  Great for everyone, you can drive around and check out the amazing scenery or get out and hike.
I brought my 2 grandchildren here during fall break. They are 7 & 4 - those boys had a great time. Plenty of seating for the parents. A fun way to spend two hours. The staff was lighthearted and raced with my boys having a great time. I will definitely come back!
The service from Nick was amazing. It was my birthday and we're a big party (8) and we never went without anything (soup, salad, bread sticks, drinks, napkins, ect). The food was amazing as well. My kids all cleaned their plates (uncommon) and my wife and I can't stop talking about our dishes hour later. The price was really amazing too we had 3 kids and 5 adult dishes and 3 sampler appetizers and a $30.00 tip for less than $200.00.  I will definitely be back with my family.
Tried the chicken n' waffles.  Nom nom!  Vegan pancakes on point. Oh. Do. Not. Forget!  get the fried apple rings. Jesssus!  It's worth the weight gain here
Went for $1 Taco Tuesday. Wasn't a huge fan of the chicken taco but really enjoyed the black bean and the veggie taco. $1 tacos come with cilantro, onion and lime with your choice of protein. Also got street corn which was great. Boyfriend got steak quesadilla and he loved it. We will be back!!
Love this place! Today was our first day in with our teacup Yorkie! He looks amazing, he's so happy, and they even left him a handwritten report card! I totally recommend this groomer! We will be back!
Anthony's...just as good as its former Terzetto's.  Same great steaks and seafood (according to Hubby) and same great service.  We only had one iffy time while it has been Anthony's and our server corrected the problem immediately and professionally.  To preface this, we NEVER send back food but our steaks were clearly overdone; my filet was ordered medium but came out well done while Hubby's bone-in ribeye was ordered medium rare but, came out medium-medium well.  Again, I can't stress how well our server handled the situation.When we go out for steaks, we're pretty much creatures of habit, filet mignon, ribeye, or bone-in ribeye.  Steaks at Anthony's are top-notch and can rival any steakhouse on the Strip.  Steaks do come with complimentary sauces such as bearnaise, bordelaise, and peppercorn--try the bordelaise!!!!  Another thoughtful note Anthony's provides for their steak diners are the complimentary roasted tomato topped with parmesan and a petite mixed greens salad with a very light lemon viniagrette.  For those of you who like french onion soup, please note they must've changed their recipe when they transitioned from Terzetto's to Anthony's.  The french onion soup tastes like it has tomato sauce/paste in it now; it used to be a robust beef stock flavor.  Sides are very good here.  I highly recommend their creamed corn.  Tater tots should be ordered only if you are having a very light dinner, as they're very dense and heavy.Again, service is A to A+ and can also rival some of the most elite steakhouses on the Strip.The contemporary decor in Anthony's hasn't changed much since it was Terzetto's.  It's still a very large restaurant with tons of seating options.  It has the oyster bar adjacent to it and a regular drinking bar off to the side.Great place for dinner!
I spend just about every day here, and I love it. The food is always amazing, you can hang out there all day on your laptop, and it's great for meeting friends.
Great overall service!!!  From the sales person (Larry) who drafted a perfect pool for us to the project manager (Kory) who was fantastic!!  He constantly kept us informed on the status of our pool being built at the same time as our home was being built. Kory went out of his way to satisfy and exceed our expectations. We had a negative issue at pool dig time, but after it was discussed with company owner we came to a solution to our satisfaction. They have also done a fabulous job responding to a couple issues AFTER THEY HAD ALL THEIR MONEY. They continue to satisfy our expectations now doing some follow up work. Good pool company.
The food here was incredible. And bonus - local fare! The serving staff were friendly and the atmosphere was really relaxed. It was a busy little place even on a Monday morning (always a good sign!) if you haven't tried it yet -  it's a must!
We go here regularly.  Food is always awesome as is the service even if you sit at the bar!  I would have to say the duck and scallops are the best but you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
I have been going to Sparkle Nail Bar since they opened in May 2015 and I refuse to go anywhere else! I absolutely love Roben & Eva, they take care of me every time I go in there and I never have to wait. Roben always does such an amazing job & he never fails to impress me with his work. I've been going to Roben for over a year now, he is very sweet & cracks jokes all the time and he always gives me exactly what I want. Love ya Roben! thanks for always keeping my nails beautiful!!
First time eating here and was very impressed with "The Cheef" sandwich, great flavor. Friends said the pizza was really good too.
This is one of Calgary's gems. Hit it at noon and there's a good chance you'll be eating next to a City Councillor or two.Great service. Great prices. HOT bowls.
So happy I found Dr. Spieldoch.  She is so caring and really cares about her patients.  She is extremely professional, as is her team.  I highly recommend her.
I absolutely love this place!! They have an excellent wine and bourbon selection with some really cool cocktails! This is one of our go to spots. The atmosphere is amazing, low lighting and incredible service! And We  always look forward to seeing Bethany & Michael!
Tom was great and very patient with my several hours of questions and fabric shopping. I got exactly what I wanted. The installer was both on time and thorough. I will be coming back for a matching chaise lounge and have recommended others to shop at Futon Favorite.
Eating the chicken tenders and French fried with my husband, kids, and friend and loving it. Best chicken tenders I have eaten are here! Love the environment of Joe's Farm Grill and good smells!
The smell outside draws you in. Our server Amer was very friendly  and did a great job helping us decide with some samples.  The menu was easy to read and the steak and chicken werr fresh. I do recommend on the steak that you ask to have it chopped up small in case you get tendon.  Lots of value for $8 burrito, and could have shared. Will be back for sure.
Tremendous customer service; very nice people! They're a throwback to the days when everybody knew your name.
Delicious food and great customer service. I had the Panang Curry at medium spice and it was spicy (packs a great punch) and delicious! Pad Thai is also so tasty. Definitely try!
Coolest vegan place I've ever been too. Delicious food that changes daily with what's in season. Very friendly inviting people working there and that just make you feel great. I will definitely be coming back here when ever I visit.
"Holy cow, this man just gave me 'f**k me hair'!" that's what I thought when Eric spun me around to the mirror today after styling my hair. You know how you start writing the yelp review as soon as you enter the place? When I saw myself all thoughts left me except 'christ I look good.' It would be dismissive to give GwE 5 stars based only on their premise of Organic hair care and styling, but I might have done it anyway because I really truly believe that everyone needs to read the ingredient labels of all the products they use (hair, face, body) and really think about what dubious chemistry is seeping into their bodies every day. I will be a Green with Envy girl for the rest of my stay here in the Valley, not only because their business philosophy is ethical and whole-hearted but because they have excellent stylists. Today I saw Eric Flotta who was nice enough to take me as soon as he came in, even though I was half an hour early. And he didn't scream in horror at my post-workout hair, just led me over to the sink to start my wash/style/blowdry.  He told me about some of the organic products that the salon uses and carries for retail purchase and even mentioned that GwE uses the first and only hair color that doesn't include toxic chemicals. Eric didn't do any wild and crazy hair makeover on me, but my hair does look very sexy and different. I like that he could take my frightening mess and turn it into something simple and beautiful in not a lot of time and with minimal product in it.  He recommended a product to me and though I am a staunchly opposed to buying salon hair care I did because it's organic and makes me look nice! Also, they have a $35 women's haircut special which proves that earth-friendly organics can be luxurious AND affordable.  Now I want them to get some formaldehyde-free nail polishes and start up some manicures and pedicures!
I really like this place, it was cozy. The decoration is very nice and reasonable price as well. I also like the employee who works there, mostly owner of the store.  She was very nice enough to have patience with me as i told her that i am too sensitive,  although i get my eyebrows done all the time.  This place is going to be my fav place from now. I would suggest this place to my friends and family.
Thanks for the review Yelp. Upon entering the cute shop, there's no menu on the screen. However, there's a menu located at the front register that you can check out. There's a good flow, seems like they got their system down. There's two size on the drinks, regular and large. The honey boba was made perfect. Not too hard, the perfect kind of softness. The wait for the drinks was pretty fast.
Susan gets the business of great clothes.  I've been wearing her products for years.  They are fashionable, versatile, and long lasting.  I use them mostly for fashion and only occasionally for yoga.  Her service is outstanding and she is always honest and delightful (yes, both at the same time!).  Check out yoga styles today!
Stu was awesome. Luckily I put his card in my bike a couple days prior, just in case. Wife was in an accident on her scooter, he was quick and professional. Will not hesitate to recommend him to everyone. Call him!
The gyro platter is outstanding, time after time, service is excellent and the restaurant is always spotless. We love eating here and bringing family and friends as well. Never a disappointment. Also delicious is their homemade hummus.
Two words .....bad ass. I thought I hated sushi until  sake rok! Been here twice in last 3 days and I just made reservations for tomorrow
I am a regular here at Repose, and I have been coming here since before it became part of the Hotel Palomar. Esthetician Deanna is awesome; I've come to her mostly for waxing. She does a fantastic job and is always very thorough. Plus, she's got a great personality and makes an unpleasant necessity pass quickly. It goes without saying that everything is sanitary and comfortable (never a reused wax stick, heated beds, fresh thick towels and robes, etc.). I've also had my nails done here, and they have always turned out great, especially the gels!They recently instituted a new membership program that gets great discounts and rewards. I do miss the old lunchtime quick deals, though. I would often stop in during this time.Prices are reasonable.
This is a a great restaurant! The service is always fantastic! They are so friendly and helpful. The food is absolutely delicious and an amazing price. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone for good pasta!
Called Precision and was able to get service within a couple of hours.  Will Coad was the technician and courteous and gave me pointers on taking care of my garage door.  He gave me three options with no pressure.  Will call again if I ever have problems again and will recommend.
First time I tried Nothing bundt cakes at it was amazing! My husband and I ordered the lemon and red velvet cakes to share. They were moist, fresh and simply delicious! The staff was very friendly and professional. I will be back. Highly recommend.
We just finished an amazing dinner at the Outback. I'm surprised at the 3 star rating of this restaurant when we just waited 50 minutes to be seated on a busy Friday night. I never want to eat at the restaurant that is not busy. Besides a great meal we had a fantastic server named Coady. He offered great advise on the menu, served us in a very prompt fashion and check back with us frequently.Thank you for a relaxing end to the week. Janet Thebarge
Wow. Everything about this place was fantastic. The service was great. We arrived earlier than our reservations and were seated promptly. As soon as we arrived, our waiter approached us and greeted us. He went over the menu and brought us complimentary bread and drinks. Checked on us several times and had some great recommendations. The service size was huge. I had the Cajun Alaskan Halibut - Yum! So fantastic! Others had steaks, too big but way too delicious. We were celebrating a birthday -- and we got huge complimentary dessert -- oh and the dessert came with like even bigger portion of whipped cream! lol We were too full for the dessert but appreciated the gesture. I would love to go back and visit or at least wish we had this restaurant where we live! Highly recommended.
I have to say I picked this place randomly, we are from out of town and we hit the jack pot!!My party of 4 was pleasantly surprised!!Service was great,  Chris (guy) our waiter,  was very helpful and attentive !! Food was even better!!!Some in my party had Amish chicken with Yukon mashed potatoes and veggies, also tried chicken sandwich and beef burger , side order of drunken black beans,appetizers , all of which were cooked just perfect and were very tasty.Very clean , staff very pleasant, great food for the value!!!If I am ever back in the area I would make sure to stop by.
Stopped in for the 1st time afternoon to try Sidestreet Pho & Grill. Let me start by saying this place was Phenomenal! None the least the service was A-1 and will continue to come back as a regular for more Of there Delicious Pho. I highly recommend if you are in the Area of Spring Valley/Summerlin. Thank you for the great service and quality of food.
Toni has been absolutely wonderful to work with!! She noticed right away that my prescription was not right, so she had me call my eye doctor and have my eyes rechecked. She helped me pick out frames and was able to explain the prescription to me. She also helped me to save even more money on both pair of glasses. I really appreciate everything that she has done for me!!
This place opened up a couple months ago and it has been truly a heaven sent! My boyfriend and I usually like to get our fill of cheap but satisfying sushi from Sushi on Bloor, which isn't particularly close to us. Since this place has opened up, we've completely abandoned Sushi on Bloor. Moons' sushi is slightly more expensive, but it makes all the difference in the food's quality--it's SO much better.
Had a company party there. Service was outstanding, my glass was never empty. Great atmosphere!!! And the food is good!
Really great service.  I used a a Groupon and they did the feet first then the massage.  Very nice!  Highly recommended!
A nice little place run by two brothers with hospitality unlike any other Indian place :) Restaurant is very clean, lighting is just perfect and food is delicious. A very welcome addition to the Chandler food scene.
Love this place. I've been eating here since I was a kid. The hoagie buns are fresh and the oil and seasonings make the sandwich.
This is by far the best vegan deli I have ever been to! The owner and employees are spot on! The taste of the food has a little kick to it but not to much! So I enjoy each and every bite of the numerous varieties they offer! Something new each day is amazing!
Love Miro's! Have been there several times and haven't had a bad meal. The paella is authentic and delicious. Good selection of wines. Great patio area-so if you can eat outside, do.Allergy Alert: I have had no problem with cross contamination here. I stick to what I know I can eat and I am fine.
My favorite place for services. Cindy and Helen do such a wonderful job all the time always please check it out you won't regret it top Services all the time thank you Helen Cindy and the team you do an amazing job I will see you guys soon
Awesome pho! Great service nice people! I had the pho and it was delicious! And they have Chinese also!
Perfection. Seriously. I felt like a princess walking into this beautifully modern but inviting nail salon with glittery silver floors. And I felt like a million bucks when I left! I've never seen a nail salon with such welcoming decor. It's usually the same office-like chairs and oversized, slightly uncomfortable massage chairs. The furniture here is contemporary but so comfortable and welcoming. I wanted to sink into those pedicure chairs but only had a manicure on my first visit. The salon is SPOTLESS. I was told that the pedicure tubs have their own disposable liners, which makes me feel so comfortable with how hygienic and clean this place is. Jenny did my manicure and she was fabulous. Very personable and so meticulous! I chose a pink glitter polish but expressed concerned that it wouldn't be dark enough with two coats. She initially tried and realized it wouldn't be, so she removed the polish and started over with a darker color for the first coat. I so appreciated how hard she worked to make my manicure perfect!  My only complaints are that they are closed Mondays and Tuesdays (I've been meaning to come here for quite some time but, ironically, the only times I found myself available for pampering were on Mondays so I missed out for quite a few months... finally, when I was off on a Wednesday, I was able to make an appointment). I'd also like a separate drying area for my nails. I'm obsessive about making sure my nails are completely dry prior to leaving and I would literally sit for 40 minutes under the dryer if it meant they would be hardened and dry and I wouldn't ruin my lustrous new manicure! LOL. I can't wait to go back and get a pedicure next time! If you go and you're a first timer, mention it for a one-time 20% off discount. I so wish I had saved my first time for when I was doing more services.
The best water ever!!!!!!!!! Plus when you go in there you are  like family . Denise is wonderful you get to see the dog and you just feel warm and loved .
I have been here twice in the past few months and both times it has been excellent. The Malai Kofta was particularly good and the samosas excellent. Our service was top-notch both times, with the server frequently refilling our waters and checking on the food. The atmosphere is cozy and the staff pleasant and attentive. I highly recommend it!
LOVE THIS PLACE! The cabo rolls are at the top of my "must have" list, followed by Tavarua Tuna tacos
My favorite fast food place . Everything tastes fresh from lettuce to tomatoes to burger . I just love it . Animal fries is something to try if it was your first time trying it.
I have had the silliest and most beautiful times in this darn park. I'm a busy girl, but we all have those weeks where you just need to excuse yourself for fifteen minutes and stare at something lovely. You know, otherwise you might implode. I had one such moments last week, and I found myself on a bench overlooking the thawing leashless dog pit. An afternoon that began with painful doubt was suddenly twisted on it's head and full of possibilities. Puppy watching is. the. best. I also bought shoes. So maybe I'm giving the park too much credit. Nah, I'm not. Puppies!
I live in NYC and needed to purchase a couple of last-minute toiletries for my stay. I had a hard time finding them because of all the construction...and they had moved to another location. I had to ask several people for directions - better signage would help. I also didn't realize that there was a whole concourse level of shopping! Once I found them everything was fine. The store is brand new! Well lit, well organized, decent prices and good selection (for what I was looking for). Again, just had to grab a couple of things but I was in and out in 15 min.
Called them at night and within 2 hours later they were at my house. A guy named Jose showed up. He was absolutely amazing! They charged me $99 for the service call and within minutes of getting there my system was fixed. He was very straight up with me and extremely honest. Also great prices. I'm very happy I called this guy. I will be only using them in the future for all my electrical needs. Very happy customer here.
So. ...I am in the area out of town and used Yelp to find this location.  SO GLAD I DID! ! Best massage chairs EVER!  Mani and pedi for $26 loving my nails!
Great for meeting friends for a quick (sit down when you arrive) meal.  Good mexican with healthy choices.  Best chimichangas in town.  Plenty of mexican beer, tequila and mixed drinks. Wait staff has never disappointed us.  We visit once a week.
If you want the job done right call Joe Bucko of Arizona Painting Co. They take your requests seriously. They do whatever it takes to get your job done with 100% satisfaction.
I drove to the two closest comic book stores actually looking for a Deadpool shirt to wear to the movie premier. I didn't find any shirts in here unfortunately, but I still walked out with two comics because I couldn't believe they had these two. "The Dark Phoenix" saga and "Days of Futures Past". I didn't plan on buying any comics but I couldn't pass up these two epic stories staring me right in the face. Both of them together we're only $33. They had a LOT of comics to choose from and I was welcomed to look around. It was a pretty small store but it was PACKED with comics. They had a lot of action figures and the guy who was there was friendly and complimented me on my choices. I could see myself going back here in the future.
Fantastic BBQ, great beer, and awesome prices.  Not much else to say!
LOVED IT! First time riding an ATV and it was awesome. Corey, our guide, was super funny and friendly. Joey, the back of the pack leader, was amazing riding the ATV. He did some cool tricks. Would go back to Vegas just to do the your again!
I've been going there for years as the food and value are amazing.Dropped by today to see that it's been completely renovated. Looks amazing and the food remains great!Highly recommend this restaurant!!
Authentic Italian pizza made with fresh ingredients! Do yourself a favor and place an order tonight! Personally love the Quattro Formaggio pizza!
We were always skeptical to come here because we aren't vegan and it seemed too pricey. But after hearing so many raves about this place, my husband and I rode our bikes here. The ambiance is charming and the staff is genuinely sweet. I enjoyed a toddy while the hubby sipped on a chai tea latte. We shared an oatmeal cream, two oatmeal cookies sandwiched together by icing, addicting but a little too sweet for my taste.Edited-We finally tried the tsoynami and it was delicious!!!! In our minds we always rationalized by saying we would rather get blizzards at DQ. So happy we didn't this time around. My favorite is the Chai Tiramisu tsoynami and my husband loves the Fluffernuterin. We've also tried the Almond Oy Vey and the cookies 'n' cream.
Great burgers and friendly staff. I parked right on Main Street and it was free! Highly recommended.
Who doesn't love Joe's? It goes without saying that this place is great. Their garlic fries put Gilroy to shame, the onion rings are devilish, all of their shakes are top-notch. Then there's the beet salad and grilled veggie pizza...I could go on forever. This quaint farm house turned restaurant really has it figured out. And I always go next door to the Coffee Shop for an after-lunch/dinner latte.
We went to Bowl of Pho for Father's Day, and we had a great experience.  The staff was extremely professional and courteous.  We had two small children, and they were very accomodating.  The traditional chicken noodle soup is awesome, and the appetizer sandwich was one of the best sandwiches that we've tried in a long time.  Overall, great experience and will return!
Murdock Meals has been cooking for myself and my family for over 5 years.  When I was on the HCG diet, the food was amazing and all meals were made to follow the strict rules of the diet. I never knew 500 calories a day could taste so good.   My boyfriend has diabetes and needed a low carb low sugar menu.  She accommodated his needs and helped get his diabetes under control.  Then he had his jaw wired shut after a medical problem, and she made all the diabetic meals into liquid that could be eaten through a straw.  I joined a gym called Raw fitness that gave you a meal plan consisting of healthy proteins and lots of vegetables.  I am a terrible cook and I did not want to fail on this fitness program.  Again, Murdock Meals came to the rescue and cooked for me per the instructions.  Finally, my boyfriend is currently in the hospital and cannot stomach the hospital's food.  I called Murdock Meals and he is now getting the nutrition he needs to get better.To conclude, whatever your diet requirements might be, Murdock Meals can accommodate.  The food is cooked to order fresh, delicious, and affordable.  Even if you can cook (unlike me) and do not have enough hours in your day, I highly recommend Murdock Meals.
Did a great job!! The owners are a husband and wife team. Very personable and friendly. Gave my toddler a popsicle and snacks and put a movie on for her while we waited. What a huge difference it is with toned windows. I got mine suuuuper dark and also diy windshield. Best investment ever. My left arm is no longer burning while driving!!
Now Under New Management. They are in the process of making everything cleaner and more sanitary. The staff is helpful and friendly and detailed about their work. I have been coming here for many years and am excited to see the changes. The new management is excited to build the business and make it even better for their customers. Come and check it out!
I know everyone raves about the Gyros, but the Souvlaki plates here are incredible. Skip the Feta Fries and check out the rice pilaf. You won't be disappointed.  This place has great service but small dining room. It's perfect for grabbing some food to go.
Amazing food. TheThe bone in ribeye was amazing. Along with the bacon wrapped dates an the lobster at so are to die for. Going to try the none in filet next time. This is definitely on my Fav. Place list
The food is yummy and plentiful. We ordered mooshu pork and there was enough for five hungry people! We added chicken lettuce wraps and they were very tasty. In the end we took home as much food as we ate. This location seemed to have a lot of people grabbing takeout. We will be back.
The food is great! I especially love that they deliver. So hard to find someone who delivers sushi and it is good sushi too. I absolutely love the sushi burrito and volcano roll. That calamari is awesome and the pot stickers and spring rolls are good as well. Great price and great service they are always quick.
Came from California for a short vacation, and came across Sushi 21. Very pleasant service, and our group of seven people thought that the food was very tasty and fresh. Recommending this place.
I have always suffered from Acne and have tried many different products from over the counter to Seeking help from a Dermatologist. And I can honestly say that very few products that I tried worked but for a short amount of time before I flared up again, so I had booked a peel series with Kimberly and let me just say that my experience was amazing! She made me feel extremely comfortable and informed me that I would experience dryness and flare ups the first couple sessions due to the "gunk" being forced to the surface. Now that I have completed the series my skin feels soft, my scars are less visible and only have flare ups when it's around my monthly cycle. I definitely would recommend this place!
This place is the bomb. Awesome Korean BBQ that you cook and grill there at the table. Awesome experience.
Great place. I really enjoyed the menu. Service was great. They really promote delivery etc. I am a few miles a way, but they said that I was too far away. Just a heads up.
I've been here a few times when I come to visit my parents. The prices are great, there's lots of colors to select from and my pedicures last a month.
Have really enjoyed this Starbucks lately because of the friendly and helpful staff. Seems to have lots of regulars by the way staff speaks to their customers. This location is consistently busy....all the time! But the line goes by pretty fast and the accuracy of the coffees are always right. It's nice to shop and drink a Starbucks.I would not recommend this location for meeting with friends or business because it's fairly loud and never any seats available. But that's what happens when you go to a good Starbucks.
Considering I just wrote a review about the horrible part of my Las Vegas trip, I might as well pay a compliment!I stayed at GVR on NYE for the first time, and it was absolutely gorgeous.  Our flight arrived way before our check-in time, but we were still able to check into a room - which was great.  The customer service is amazing, both in the hotel, casino, and the sushi restaurant I ate in that night.The room was clean, a decent size (standard room)... and had everything we needed in it.  It was nice to stay in a good resort, and not be on the strip!  Everything was clean, exceeded my standards, and was the ONLY positive thing about my trip to Vegas!The pool area outside is absolutely amazing, I wish it had been warmer outside!  I most certainly plan on coming back to this resort.The ONLY word of caution I have (which isn't a big thing at all)... is pay attention to their shuttle times.  Coming from the airport, I believe they only run once every 3 hours or so.  I had to get a cab over to the resort, which isn't the end of the world - but if you can book your flight properly so you have time to catch the shuttle, why not!
They recommended getting the PoffCo pen. I have loved it so much. Been using it often. So often that the cable came off during a charge. It was a random breakage. Took it down to tell them, and they replaced the pen for free! Even hand delivered when they got it in the same day! Thanks Andrew!
Really liked Garcia's. Delicious and filling. Most prices are $9-12. I had the Buritto Grande and wife had sampler plate.
Went here for my birthday lunch on April 12th. It was perfection...the best Asian buffet I have EVER had all for $8.95. They have a wide variety of sushi, Hibachi grill, traditional Chinese dishes, great desserts. I even ate SHARK!  I love squid. They had squid salad, stir fried squid, Chinese type squid. They had peeled shrimp, crawfish, oysters, clams, muscles....it was fabulous!
Me encanta este lugar , muy buena atención , siempre están dispuestos a hacerte lo que pides , tienen mucha variedad de colores y diseños, yo siempre me hago las de gel y me duran un montón ,  tienen buenos productos , le doy 5 estrella porque saben lo que hacen . Muy recomendable
Today was 5 star. Went for brunch and had the Protein bowl with quinoa and sausage topped with 2 sunny side up eggs and yummy bread . It was delicious!! Recommend it highly. The coffee was very good as well. Highly satisfied!!
I was kinda leery on them changing their name but when I tried them, the ingredients and the food had gotten better. It's a little piece of NYC in charlotte.. and I love it! I recommended anyone to this restaurant no complaints over here.
Purchased a Groupon for waxing and booked my appointment with Eleen. She was gentle, thorough and quick. The atmosphere was relaxing and I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. She clearly had lots of experience and knew exactly what she was doing. The price I paid was great and I expected it would be too good to be true but I was wrong! They also offered me a discounted rate for the next time I go in. Great staff and facility. Definitely recommend.. also snag those Groupons if you see them!
When I look at reviews on yelp I always make sure to look at the age of the reviews when they are negative. Obviously they have gotten rid of whoever was terrible in the past because the people they have now rocks. Jennifer was very kind and very caring and was able to fit me in when I needed it. When I showed up I was a bit frantic since I thought that I was going to be late from this crazy traffic. she got me a bottle of of needed water. Top-notch customer service will be back for sure thanks Jennifer and Ismile for making me smile!
I love this place! You'd never think of it just driving by but it's incredibly nice on the inside and has this cool little balcony area with a killer food menu. I usually come in late at night around 2am for a night cap and when I get there it's always the greatest atmosphere and awesome music playing. Patty is usually the bartender when I come in and I couldn't ask for better service! He always has my drink ready and waiting for me before I even sit down. This has become my favorite bar to go to, mainly because of the staff! And I definitely recommend this place to everyone. Keep up the good work!!
Once again I experienced a "over the top" job from the great Men In Kilts as they polished my windows, sanitized my gutters and power washed my driveway and sidewalks to a sparkling condition. The gentlemen are always polite, punctual and very professional. I heartily recommend them for any of those pesky jobs you want to get done right for that is how they will do them - and with a smile.
This was my first experience hiring movers and it was fantastic!!  The team of 4 (Ray, Art, James, & Jose) did a wonderful job.  They gave me a courtesy call when they were 10 minutes away.  They showed up timely ( a little early even).  They were hardworking, efficient, and very careful with everything.  I am very impressed with their work and I thought the cost was very reasonable.  I would definitely hire them again!
Wow!The best optometrist in Vegas.Much better then LensCrafters!She explained my sight problems and found great new framesGreat staff!I will definitely come back!
Findlay Chevrolet has provided me the best new car purchase experience. Their service was excellent and they really take care of you and also the local community as well. I felt good making my purchase there and the staff is great. I definitely recommend that you check out Findlay Chevrolet for your next car purchase or service department. Plus I feel I got a great deal! Special thanks to Newell, Matt and Mike for their assistance in my purchase!
I have been here multiple times in the past and always loved it. Location near the public square with small sitting inside and a few tables outside is fun in summer. I like almost all of the things on menu that I have tried. There is a certain freshness to the food. Taste is pure and enjoyable. Portion size is ideal for one person, so nothing left at the end to take home!! Wait staff is very friendly and helpful with ordering if you are new. I have not tried any of their desserts but I bet its nice. I will be a regular here whenever I have to find a place to eat near public square.
This place is a great place to let your kids go crazy in a very safe environment. They are well watched and my kids have been playing there almost every week since it opened. On rainy days dont leave your kids in there rooms, take them here to play with others and have a great time.
We had a wonderful dining experience here. I ordered the Filet special and my husband ordered the pineapple curry with pork. Make sure you order the pineapple curry spicy, it's superb but the filet dish is really something special. Looking forward to coming back here next time I visit Madison.
This library is amazing. Brand spanking new. Presse Cafe on the main level serves up some decent stuff. Study rooms with plugs in the table for group work. If you are a student in Whitby or Durham and can get here, I would definitely recommend it! Totally trumps the libraries in Toronto when it comes to study space. Haven't had to get any materials but the space is amazing. Wifi available for everyone, just log in. If you don't have a card just ask for a guest pass. Unlimited access if you have your own computer; 30 minutes if you want to use a computer. Totally impressed!
I go here every two weeks. They are so sweet and accommodating every time.  Best place on the west side for long acrylics. Huge selection of gel polish colors. Bring cash to tip or they have an ATM there if you forget. The collagen socks during the pedis are a really nice addition that not everywhere has.
This morning my daughter in law found this place on groupon and called to get both her mother and I in for a massage...by the afternoon we had an apt...they were very accommodating... I was scheduled with Danyelle and she was awesome!!! Excellent price for both of us & well worth it! After my apt I was given water & got to chose a gift from a variety of things... I'll definitely be back in the future thank you angel blessings wellness spa!!!
I visited this place with my friends last night. I didn't have much experience with Thai food before so I was a bit skeptical... However, the pad thai and the beef (can't remember exact name) was delicious! The jasmine rice we ordered on the side made a nice addition. Also, the waitress was polite and friendly. It was a wonderful experience and I will definitely be going back!
Food was so good that my wife and I return two more times while on vacation in Las Vegas.
If you're in Vegas and you're looking for KBBQ, you ABSOLUTELY MUST come eat here! This is the best KBBQ I've ever eaten. Literally everything was really, really good. We ordered the Gangnam to split between 4, and subbed the miso soup for the kimchi chigae for no extra charge. It was enough food to provide us another meal. I really appreciated that the meats were fresh, had their own flavor, and were not overly salty. Food highlights/must haves: kimchi and bibimbap. Staff here are super nice and accommodating!
We visited several dealerships before we felt comfortable. Moore offered us outstanding service with knowledgeable associates. Wally & Steve did an excellent job finding what we wanted at a great price! They both went above and beyond our expectations to ensure a positive buying experience. Wally was so friendly and always called us by name. (Our names are often mixed up, but Wally never made that mistake. I appreciate his attention to detail.) He listened to what we wanted, and he was so willing to spend the time showing us all our options. Steve was absolutely amazing! He was honest and transparent. He made us feel like friends, and we quickly trusted his thoughts and opinions. This was a tremendous help for us to weigh all options. The made the whole process enjoyable and stress-free. We are so grateful for their help through his car-buying experience! We are so happy with our new Jeep Wrangler!
After moving back to AZ a few months ago I have been to several nail salons with not one satisfying my mani or pedi needs. My friend and I just left The White Spa where she got a gel pedi and I got a mm Express Mani and Pedi. Not only were they so nice from the moment we walked in, but the provided possibly the best customer service of any nail salon that I have ever received in my entire life! Tiffany did my mani while Liz did my toenails. Jackie did my friend's gel pedi. They were all so nice and attentive. I asked for a touch up on the edge of my toes with polish and they were happy to do it. Normally I would be treated poorly for asking for anything other than what had already been done. Tami did the touch up for me and they actually said, "you're paying for this, you need to love it and have it EXACTLY the way you want it!" Definitely coming back here very often!!! They're all great and Jackie is hilarious! 100 stars!
I learned of Dr. Bond from Dr. Grace Savage who referred me after seeing that all four of my wisdom teeth were impacted. Being in my early twenties, it was the perfect time to get my teeth extracted and I'm thrilled that I chose Dr. Bond to perform my procedure.It was easy to get a consultation appointment and the front desk staff is always cheerful and helpful. The location was easy to find with ample parking. My consultation was great and the insurance coordinator worked with my father to ensure that my procedure would be correctly filed with a new insurance policy. Even during a typically busy week (college spring break) I was able to schedule my surgery quite easily within my stringent schedule.  I was given four prescriptions - nausea pill, two types of pain management (one for morning of surgery) and an antibiotic. The morning of the surgery I was welcomed by Dr. Bond's warm candor and put under general anesthesia which made the procedure go by instantly. I woke up and had hardly any bleeding, no pain, and I wasn't drugged up " a la" the infamous youtube videos you see these days. The staff explained the next steps to my father and off I went to recover. Recovery was simple and I had absolutely no side-effects. No nausea, no chipmunk cheeks, no swelling or bruising. It was honestly as close to a perfect recovery as possible and I attribute that to Dr. Bond's talent and finesse with his craft. Post op appointment was again, easily scheduled, and I was in and out in less than 30 minutes. I am thrilled to have found the practice of Dr. Bond and if I ever need another procedure done in his specialty I know who I'll be using!
I dont even know where to start. I would give this place 10 stars if I could. The wings are to DIE for (comes with a delicious dipping sauce). Peach Tea Saketini is a must try, its refreshing and gets the job done. My server Hau was nothing short of amazing. He took his time explaining the menu to me and even had great recommendations. Cant wait to come back!
I am a fine yelp reviewer with discerning, critical and poignant reviews. I hold dear my ability to deliver a fair description of the experience as i see fit.So...For the first time in the history of ever, im giving this place 5 stars.-presentation : pulled "speak easy" off perfectly. 100- food: amazing concept with tapas style courses, really awesome 100-drinks: really cool variations and flavors 100Nice hip hop/beat soundtrack didnt hurt.100A home run.
This was, by far a very enjoyable and top notch performance put on by a small acting troupe in a small theater in the back of an obscure "miracle mile" mall in Planet Hollywood. Everything about this show was what the old Vegas was all about ... comedy, elegance, fantastic dancing and terrific LIVE music. In fact, I can easily say that the band made all the difference in the world. They are surprisingly high above the stage in the back and become an integral part of the show. Lora Kelsey and Sophia Monica are extremely sexy, talented and make you "drool" zombie style for more. Patrick Leahy is also a riot in his performance and you can tell he's an audience favorite. I don't think Augustus Scott was Zenoch this night but it was alright because the stand-in was brilliant. There was more "gayness" references than I need to listen to but these are entertainers and this is Las Vegas. It is well worth and more the box office price to see this production.I do NOT recommend getting the show/dinner package. The restaurant they pair you with called Pampas Brazilian Grille are a bunch of jerks. They have two lines they put you in... one for show vouchers and one for walk-in customers. They told us 25 minutes (two hours before the show) that they would seat us. They said they would page us. While I am sitting there they are seating each and every walk-in customer. They never paged us at all. I got qissed off and went next door to Todai and they were kind enough to give us $20 off each meal just because of my experience there.
Hands down best pho in Toronto - yet :) Love love love their pho. Definitely give it a try folks
That was amazing our server Tammy was off the chart but the food stole the show can't wait to go back and have more alligator
Amazing perogies and friendly staff. Will definitely be returning to buy the frozen perogies to have at home.
Delicious food, warm ambiance and great service! I love supporting organic plant based cuisine and highly recommend randitas!
Best bagel shop I've been to outside of NYC.  Yes it's a chain, but they execute it well.  The workers here know their regulars.  They're extremely helpful and friendly, even if it's 5:30 in the morning.  The coffee choices are always fresh, and the bagel sandwiches they make have never disappoint either.  I usually get the egg, spinach, mushroom and swiss.  The sandwich is always carefully assembled.  The spinach and mushroom are drained properly before being placed on your sandwich, so they neither turn the bagel to mush nor drip as you're trying to eat.  It's this attention to detail that makes me look forward to eating here.  I just wish they were open for dinner - they close late afternoon.
Excellent food and staff. My wife and I enjoy going there mid afternoon Fridays. You will have a hardtime finding fault with this fine restaurant.
I used to try and make it here weekly/bi-weekly as it was the place that "made" downtown Phoenix for me. Don't get me wrong, there have always been cool spots down here, but the dark atmosphere coupled with killer live music made Monroe's second to none. I saw Paris James for the first time here years ago and it was one of the best live music sessions that I have been fortunate enough to witness. The sign is still on the outside of the building and the space remains vacant. Like that childhood love that you always compared others to, Monroe's is that bar that I always size others up to the moment I walk in. I'll hold on to my hopes that perhaps they will open their doors back up so I can grab a Ruben sandwich (their Ruben was one of the best I've had) and some whisky waters, and let my ears bask in the heartfelt melodies emanating from the strings of the featured musician.
My go to hair salon.I had a hard time getting an appointment here for a cut and color but it was well worth the wait. They don't overbook their stylists so they concentrate on only one customer at a time. I've never had to wait around for my stylist. The stylists there pay close attention to detail and I always leave satisfied. However the store is very small and a little bit cramped and they do have a 15 dollar minimum for the card machine.
Taco Bell and there Crunch wraps. The end. This location is good and it provides what a fast food service provides. Sure their may be moments where things may be out but it's a restaurant sometimes orders don't come and they may be out of things.It's not a big deal.
My daughter tipped me off to this place.  I'd been passing it for years.  I went in with my 1963 Mercury which had a stalling problem.  We popped the hood and one of the guys fixed the vacuum hose in 10 min.  No problem.  You get honest, hard work from these guys who are fair and have great prices.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
I've lived at Cortina for two years and absolutely love it! After first visiting with the friendly, professional staff and touring the beautiful property, I knew my search was over. The pools and grounds are picturesque and very clean, which was important to me when selecting my home. I frequently use the 24/hr fitness facility, which has several machines (both cardio and weight) as well as free weights. The apartments themselves are well kept with updated appliances, and the maintenance services are very prompt.I feel like I really lucked out when I found this place. It looks like a resort that I get to call home. :)
Why did you ever leave me Schlotzsky's? I wish you would come back to Chicago. You are missed here. This place has warm, fresh, soft bread. This place has delicious meats, fresh ingredients, and hearty helpings.I recommend the reuben or the original. This particular location has a larger, cafeteria style seating area. When I went there was a large crowd of blue-haired old-timers reading the paper and hanging out.
Great atmosphere, and best of all, great price. We were a group of 9 and we played with 2 tables (we were casual players) for 3 hours and we took out some soda drinks, the bill came down to less than 10 dollars per person. Pretty good deal for the chance to hang out with friends and play some pool.
Great butter chicken. My wife and I split one order with rice & nam bread. Super succulent. The bread was fresh and light.
GREAT barbershop!!! Locally owned (Don is the BEST!!), professional, friendly, clean, fun environment, and they do a great job on all their services. All of these great qualities are exemplified by my barber, Chris Saunders.  He's one of the best (if not the best) barbers in all of the Valley. Only thing that rivals his cutting skills is his customer service. Make an appointment with him today, you will NOT regret it!!
I used this company in 2011 to paint my entire house inside and out and was absolutely pleased with the men and the work done. In 2014, I had moved and needed some painting done in the new house. The work wasn't done very well, walls weren't completely painted, and a lot of paint splatters were left in the rooms. These were a different group of painters, not any of the ones we had on the first project. Today, an appointment was made by the office personnel to meet my husband at a specific time for another estimate. My husband left work early, to make the appointment time, and Mike never showed up, called, or contacted us in any way. Question: has this company gotten so big, they no longer care about their customers, and repeat customers at that?The above proved to be a miscommunication. Crash of Rhinos owner has resolved the problem, and has gone above and beyond to provide the excellent service he has always been known for.
Amazing service!!!! The food was to die for. I highly recommend me this restaurant. Anytime your in Vegas this spot is a must.
I've been going here for at least 25-30 years, and I've never been disappointed in either the cleaners or the alterations - they've always done a superb job, even on difficult things.  I've given her some really difficult mending jobs and alterations, and everything has come back just the way I wanted it.  Very professional, I would never go anywhere else!
Great food and great service!! Ordered the beef chow fun and tom yum soup, both were very good!!! Will definitely eat here again!
This is my families pizza haven - and we try and get here once a week!Everyone who works here is friendly, nice & really wants you to have a great time.  They are constantly coming up weekly pizza, salad & appetizer specials that are different and wonderful.  The "wedge" salad was one of my favorites!They also have great patio seating as well.
I enjoyed the unique shops and friendly people! The sales people I came in contact with were very friendly and willing to help. I also enjoyed the view from the food court. You could see the lake and the rowing teams practicing. It was interesting.
The breakfast was so yummy! The service was great. I can't believe they have been open only 2 months. The menu has some creative and tasty options. I'm soooooo glad we got off the strip. This was our first lunch in Vegas meant for foodies.
Really enjoyed this place! Lets start with the decor and ambiance. Well above average. Very swanky retro feel but cozy with plenty of wood details and great energy throughout the space. Awesome hip, urban eatery. More than you'd expect from a restaurant within a hotel in downtown Phoenix. I'd come back just for the restaurant even if I wasn't staying at the hotel. Started off with the yellow corn cake app with onion jam and shaved squash=fantastic! We then shared the 'Big Ass Steak' with scallop potatoes. Equally fantastic. An enormous T-bone cooked just right:) at least 2" thick!Had two Mezcal cocktails with my dinner.  Good, strong drinks with old fashioned big ass ice cubes. Awesome looking and tasty drink if you like Mezcal. Great joint. Wouldn't hesitate to come back.
Came in to discuss my next vehicle purchase and working closely with their Car Buying Consultant saved me time and money without ever having to visit a dealership!  This is their best kept secret- I will never buy a car any other way
What can I say, oh wait, I got it. I live in Washington state. I'll let that sink in. WASHINGTON STATE. A state renowned for its Apple's. And I have never had a better cider than at red clay.  This just after touring Asheville and South Carolina tasting the best local cider available. Let me provide some prospective, my wife and I love cider, we have tried all of the commercial ciders and reaserched and paired and WASHINGTON STATE! Anyhow, all of their ciders are what cider-lovers like us have been searching for. I CANNOT stress enough how good their cider is compared to any and all competitors. I CANNOT wait until they bottle so I can enjoy premium cider in Washington. In addition the staff are super friendly and willing to make any drink concoction of their available beverages that you can imagine. I suggest you try it, you will be amazed. All of this in a relaxed (dog friendly) atmosphere where I would have no problem watching a game or just hanging out. If you are reading this review, you must go and let your own tastebuds be the judge. I can write no more, I just wish I were going back . . .
Monica has been my counselor for 3 months and has really helped me . I feel more confident and at ease. She listens when she needs to and gives me feedback when it's appropriate. I feel excited at the possibilities. All of those issues that have been weighing me down may finally be resolved and set free. If you've ever wondered about talking to a therapist, you should go...and speak to Monica. :)
Best coffee place that we found in Scottsdale ..This is a destination stop if you are out that way!
Shop here often normally between jobs since I work right around the corner, Christina in the cafe is amazing. If you are in stop by get yourself some popcorn and say hi. She is quick attentive and super friendly.
My husband had been getting flowers for me from Bobbies for the past 4 years and every time I receive my flowers,  my jaw drops.  They go above and beyond and always put a creative touch to their arrangements.   I love love love Bobbies and will only get flowers from them myself too.   Highly recommended!
Saw another yelper writing that this stadium needs renovation.  NOOOOO!  Leave it the way it is.  I have been to many of the complexes in the area.  While they have done a great job with the architecture of most of them, Scottsdale Stadium rocks because that it is old, a bit disjointed and cozy.  I went to the Talking Stick and saw a game yesterday, but left in the 6th inning to make my way to the Giants/Padre game.  Whilst the other stadiums are sleepy and filled with snowbirds melting in the heat, Scottsdale Stadium is a party surrounding a baseball game.  Leave it the way it is!
This spot is truly a hidden gem. The hand crafted foods / pastries / honeys in the market are addictive; the juice bar is healthy, organic, and delightful; the restaurant / cafe menu is delicious. Plus it's all set outdoors next to an idyllic lake, green grass for miles, and some winding pedestrian / bike paths. Absolutely loved it. Will bring the dogs and the bicycles next time.
Ed and his team are amazing. They are proactive, responsive, persistent and get the job done. Their level of detail and high level of communication make them a pleasure to work with. The best thing about working together is that they have the highest level of integrity and that is hard to find today. I highly recommend them when you are selling or buying a house. They will deliver!
I have been waiting for a pho place this good in my area for a long while and I couldn't be happier!I ordered the pho normal on doordash and even though the delivery said it would take over an hour on a busy night, it got here in around half if not less that time.Minus delivery costs, the pho itself cost $7.25!!! What!! So filling too.Wow. Just wow. I am pretty picky with my pho and have high standards, but this was soooo good.The 'pho normal' still has a spice to it, it has a nice peppery kick and the broth is truly on point. Clean, well done and flavorful broth. I got the well done beef even though I always order rate, as I worried it may not cook in the winter cold on the way here. It was still good but my assumption was very wrong and I would get the rare beef next time lol. I just found the well done beef to be too chewy but that's my general preference when it comes to pho. The meat itself was tasty.It also came with bean sprouts, a lime, basil, and some hot sauces.This is bound to be my regular pho spot. Soooo happy!
Oh how I've been longing for some fried fish and all I can say is.... DELICIOUS!! Our server Mary was warm, welcoming, attentive but not intrusive. The food was seasoned appropriately, and served hot. This place was packed but yet service was on point. I can tell that the staff works as a team and that is what makes it successful.  Excellent food + excellent customer service= 5 ! I will be back!
I stopped in for their notorious Tuesday $5 burger and although my stay was considerably short, it was pleasant and I left with a full stomach and nothing to complain about.They give you your choice of five or so burgers at that price, and they come with fries. That's a smoking deal, and the burger was actually very good too. I sat at the bar, since I dropped in by myself, and all three bartenders were nice and asked several times if I needed anything and if everything was okay. Tuesdays at Bar Louie are a must.
Best laser hair removal and facials in Vegas!!! I have been all over getting facials and it is hands down the best price for the treatment!!! Also they have the best prices for laser in town! Check them out!!
You get to a certain age and beer just doesn't cut it anymore. Don Draper has changed the drinking lifestyle to look cool when having a cocktail. This is the place to get the best whisky and scotch drinks. Plenty of choices with some exclusively to Whiskey Down. Old fashioned and Sazerac drinks with good music played by a DJ. No cover. Close restroom and nice chairs, tables and barstools. Don't pass this place up on your way from the valet to Hakkasan. You won't regret it
Dinner tonight with my friend Steve to Fellini's at the stratosphere. Such an awesome old school Italian gem. The shrimp Caesar to start was delicious with large and many shrimp with creole flavor and spice. I had the veal vandoastana! A 12 0z veal chop stuffed with prosciutto and fontina cheese, breaded and sautéed in a sherry wine sauce. Our server said this was his favorite dish and I see why, a 10/10. That sherry wine sauce alone would taste magnificent on regular pasta. Steve had the beef brasiola and that was just as good. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be back to try the gnocchi in Gorgonzola cream sauce with tenderloin. Thank you so much Kevin Calder for the wonderful Christmas present of this coupon and meal. I would have never tried this place. Thank you so much
New location for this burger franchise by the original owner. Place is really clean and freshly remodeled. Classy for a burger joint. Modern. Extensive menu covers way more than burgers. I'm told plans are to add pizza and wings next. The food was fresh, quick, hot and delicious. My burger was cooked med to med rare. I can attest that they use quality ingredients. Fries were fresh and flavorful. Perfectly salted. Burger was pretty big. Much larger than fast food places. Staff dressed in uniform. Not sure if they always do this, but it wasn't too busy when I was here at 3pm, and they were bringing food to the tables. Drive through opening soon, and delivery... This place will be unstoppable. Great addition to downtown.
They fix all my shoes new and old.  They are easy to work with and super friendly.  They listen to your needs and make suggestions.  Great place.
I have to say that not only is the food amazing, the employees are extremely friendly. They went as far to fulfill my request to draw John Snow from Game of Thrones (easily the best pizza place EVER!) Thank you so much!
This is probably one of the coolest constructed coffee shop I been too in Vegas! Be ready and have your camera in hand because this place is photo Heaven! There are literally no bad seat in the place. A Alice and Wonderland vibe with the setting of 1920 S. Korea.  Right when you walk through the door you basically time travel.  A must go for every Vegas resident.     I was really impressed with how prompt every employees were and you can just tell they really loved their job! I will definitely have to go back and get a better food review. Only because I was so caught up with interior of this place! Well enjoy the video and pictures. "Lets eat Las Vegas"!!!
First time at O&G. Service was very friendly, and the food was amazing. I had the sweet home made ricotta on toast. Couldn't have asked for a more original and refreshing breakfast. NB: prepare for a 30-40 minutes wait - this place can be very busy in the weekends.
Love the food here! Service can be slow but well worth it and if your not satisfied with your food in someway they will usually give it to you for free. Awesome!
i usually go to their Yonge street location which is excellent, although i've never been offered the ribs at Yonge. I went on new years eve for an early dinner with an old friend. It was busy but they still found a table for myself and a friend. We ordered the usual (6 of everything). I still wish there was more rice in an order, since everything you order is a stack of meat. they dont give you alot of starch or carbs to process the meat. however, the meat was great and i still love the concept of cookin my own food at my table (even if they are small slices of meat that even the most illiterate foodie could cook). one thing i wish that ALL the korean grill houses had was BIGGER WATER GLASSES. Now that I'm thinking about it its actually very frustrating. If you're going to chop meat into small slices and cure them with salt to keep them fresh (anybody with half a brain knows that when u cut a piece of meat into thin slices like korean grill house does, it dries out quicker and adding salt to it makes it last longer so you can sell it to the masses before it expires) you can at least let us have large water glasses to stay hydrated instead of making the poor kids working the floor fill up our water glasses every 30 seconds. I actually felt bad about how many water refills i needed and judging from the variety of servers/bussers filling it, i doubt my 10$ tip would net any of them one dollar. Other than that though, it was a good time as always.
My Boyfriend and I came here the other day. He had mentioned to me this was something he wanted to try so I purchased a Groupon for the both of us. I called and made a reservation and advised them of the Groupon I purchased so it made check in that much easier.Danielle greeted us, checked us in and was our Range Master as well. Just wanted to say she was very friendly and didn't mind giving me some pointers to help my shooting! I appreciated her friendliness. There were also four others that made a reservation for the same time so we all enjoyed the experience together. Check in process:Everyone signs a waiver.Watch instructional video.Have fun & shoot some arrows!The environment is very laid back and I didn't feel pressured or uncomfortable at all. With it being our first time we shot some arrows over the targets, into each other's targets and we even hit the target haha. It was a lot of fun! We both agreed we'd come back and shoot again some time.
I was invited by my wife's gfs to enjoy this place, i was told it would be a Brazilian restaurant. I thought it would be something traditional, to which I wasn't expecting much.When we got to there, the environment got us on the first, cozy and great staff, all owners of this little boutique restaurant, they explain every detail you ask, it shows they care for their reputation and experience for the customer. You feel the Brazilian culture, but something more is there...The food is a fusion of brazilian traditional food, some other latin favorites, all with a special touch. We tried the beef chick poutine, with fried casaba. After we went for the lomito sandwich, that was unexpected, and delicious, imagine pork, with guava bbq, avocado sauce, on a potato bread, and on the side plantain chips! You might think where are the traditional Brazilian choices? They have feijoada, cheese bread, pasteis and others, but we're glad we went on the other side of the menu.Options of beer and wines, i went for the beers, which are no traditional brands, but good drafts.The downside would will be a bit pricy for the portions, but add the flavour and ambient, and the place is totally worthy. Opinion of a Brazilian that enjoys food with unique taste!
We absolutely loved this show, so raunchy and funny very talented dancers and singers.  Dang these girls can dance, sing and have banging strong bodies. The comedy was hilarious. We cheered and clapped and laughed. So totally burlesque, with zombies of course.
Before ordering, I looked at all the reviews and I was doubtful. My friends and I decided "what the hell, it can't be that bad". I'm glad we went against the grain here... Everything we ordered was great! Presentation might have not been the greatest but the food definitely had flavor. Fried rice, shrimp broccoli, spicy fried chicken, duck plate, noodles. What made everything better was the fact that we could use our Caesar's comps. Our server was also nice.
My son started taking the beginner acro class and absolutely loves it. We pull up to the parking lot each week and he is running to the door. Thank you for inspiring my son and giving him something he looks forward to each week
Fantastic!!! - the Phillies cheesesteak!!!  Came w/ rib-eye, not at all heavy!!!  In fact, the quantity this restaurant serves is just right - doesn't overwhelm you. It seems to put quality over quantity. The servers were great as well
We visited this restaurant in leu of leaving the casino for cheaper alternatives but I'm glad we stepped in. The prices were modest. We each ordered their mouth watering green chili cheeseburger and fries. The appetizer was awesome. We shared a sweet shrimp tamale. The meal started with an overflowing basket of crafted warm breads and rolls. I especially enjoyed the jalapeño bread. The service was definitely 5 star. I'll definitely stop by on my next trip.
The best Guacamole I have ever eaten!!! And those tacos weren't too bad either. Had pork, chicken and beef tacos on the corn tortillas and they were delicious! All fresh, shredded meat, very well seasoned and juicy. The waitress was knowledgeable and kind- really made our first experience a great one!
This is one of my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.Great service ! Super tasty food! Server was very knowledgeable with their menusI really recommend their funnel cake as a desert!Good luck
I've been here numerous times now (monthly!), and stand by my statement that M Lovely Nail has some of the best quality, talented nail artists and craftmanship in Toronto.  I've been to TIPS Nail Bar, the 10 Spot, and more bougie places, yet have never received the kind of customer service and attention to detail that I receive here at M Lovely Nail.  I'm picky about my nails and who I trust with them, but at this salon, nails really are an art, and all of the staff here treat their customers with care.For my nails, I like to see Tony and Quan.  Tony is so talented with nail designs and french manicures, and Quan is excellent at shellac. I always get so many compliments after seeing them, and my manicures last forever!  My friends have requested Brandon and have had great reviews for him too, so I highly recommend just about anyone at this salon.  It's a hidden gem in Toronto that definitely deserves more attention. I'd give this 10 stars if I could! :) Location: Right by Yonge/Bloor, so it's a convenient walk from the subway and closeby U of T campus!Price: One of the most affordable in town! I pay abou $25 for shellac and $35 for a french mani.Thank you so much, M Lovely Nail! I'll definitely be back. :)
The bread is amazing! I like taking out, and we order the hummus with meat and extra bread. Always delicious! It seems family friendly and the service was polite and prompt. Update: We have ordered from Sinbad's using GrubHub twice, both times my order has been incorrectly delivered I'm not sure if it's an issue with the restaurant or with GrubHub. The food is delicious but if you want it served correctly go to the restaurant.
I am at the Sun Prairie Costco location almost every day. The location is great, in one of the fastest-growing areas in the U.S. (2017.) Their quality is outstanding, and their staff is a friendly team that always seems to genuinely enjoy working together. This location moves a LOT of merchandise and rotates their inventory continuously, so it goes without saying that if you see something you think you might enjoy owning and don't grab it immediately, you may not get a second chance. There's very little risk of buyer's remorse thanks to Costco's very liberal return policy. I don't relish chances to return things, but the handful of times I've been legitimately unsatisfied with the quality of a product, they have taken it back, no questions asked. Lastly, Costco has absolutely, hands-down, the best crab legs you will ever have the chance to buy. They put grocery store crab legs to shame, and I've found them to be of better size and quality of meat than even specialty seafood retailers in Elm Grove and Downtown Milwaukee, as a comparison. Like nearly everything, Costco's seafood has increased in price over the past year, but is still well worth splurging for.
Everything on the menu is fantastic.Seafood noodle soup tasty and a good value (4/5)Banana tapioca dessert warm, creamy and naturally sweet...delicious (5/5)
Jasmine made my sweet doggie, Thoreau, even more cuddly! He's a Papillon-Dachshund mix. I didn't have much instruction for her, and she just made him look adorable with his ears and tail left long, trimmed just beautifully.It helps that there are plenty of cookies and bones to pick up to spoil the pup after his show of bravery (he's a nervous guy sometimes). Thanks everyone! Everyone was really friendly from my phone call to make the appointment to checking out.
Beth and her team are absolutely fantastic. I travel extensively and we have never used a pet sitter that isn't a very close family friend. This year, our plans didn't work out, and 5 says before Thanksgiving I reached out to Beth in desperate mode for a sitter for a 16 week old retriever puppy, 12 year old yellow lab, and tiny special needs kitty. She accepted the request, came over without much notice for the meet and greet and did a phenomenal job with a tough group of animals. She kept us updated with texts, pics and notes and we were able to enjoy the holiday without stressing. We will spread the word to as many people as we can, I highly recommend Beth and the wags in the city team!
Walked in close to Mother's Day and was able to get a seat for a pedicure. Absolutely amazing service! Didn't rush through, but didn't take forever. Really wanted to please and made sure that the massage didn't hurt. The citrus scrub felt amazing, I also added paraffin wax, which was great and definitely recommended, I will definitely be returning!
New India Gate's buffet offers a variety of dishes for a very reasonable price--perfect for anyone who wants to sample a bit of everything. I have little authority on Indian food, but in my opinion, all the dishes were fantastic. My only complaint, is that I wish it was slightly spicier. Very friendly service and complimentary Chai tea.
Omg. Best place I've ate in reno, I've tried biscuit and gravy all across the u.s. and hands down I have finally found a place that beats the airport mom and pops place. Hats off to pegs
Wow another great addition to Market Square! Beautiful space with attentive wait staff and s great menu! Prices are reasonable and the food was superb!
I eat here at least once a week! I love there Philadelphia roll and their prices are very reasonable! Nice staff also!
They were a little reluctant to give me by myself a table but once I insisted it was awesome. All the fun of coming here is cooking the meat in my opinion, like at a yakiniku place in Japan that I often miss. It's very reasonably priced too and everything is great. I didn't really like the sides that came with it, but that's personal preference (not a fan of cold pickled bleh kimchi and vegetables). But nonetheless, I definitely will return.
I LOVE THIS STORE!!!! The Pink House Boutique has everything I've ever dreamed of buying! (I recently bought the cutest La Muerta Dress here & lots of dreamy accesories). If you love vintage & modern fashions, shoes, accessories, furniture, purses - the list goes on & on!!! I LOOOOVVVEEE this store & I will definately be coming back for  more!
In Champaign for a job assignment and had a day off so I wanted to drive around and find some good eats. Came upon this place V Picasso which had a sign next to it that says "We grow our own" which pretty much means farm to table. That always attracts me so I gave it a try. I had the grilled duck breast with veggies on it. The dish was very delicious but my only mistake was that I should have ask for the duck skin on the breast to be crispy for the duck fat is what makes the dish but nonetheless I loved it and it was very satisfying. Had a glass of Malbec wine to go with it and to finish off, I had an espresso and the Halva Shortbread for dessert. Many might find that the food is on the pricey side but I don't care. I'll pay to eat good and healthy especially when it's farm to table. The service was great as the waiter was very attentive.
Das frank rocks! So supper nice. Made me feel way less anxious. I took my art to 6 artests, he was the only one that didnt try to change it. Actualy the tat came out beter than the immage. More crisp and clear and saturated in color. Im verry pleased. Im coverd in tats, and this was my favorite experience :) o, i got there early and saw him finishing up the previous dudes art. I was jellous. Dude can tat!
I have to say we are extremely pleased with our storage space, we are going on 2 years with Public Storage , the Management Team are awesome and go the extra mile for their customers WE are one of them and will not go anywhere else, People you will not go wrong by renting here on Val Vista Storage. Management is AMAZING!! Thank you so much!! A very satisfied customer you deserve a 10 plus rating!JVargas
I had great service here! Everyone is kind and out going and very helpful. The doctor was very knowledgeable.
Came for lunch with my friend. We sat at the bar and ordered the blackened fish tacos and shared a side of black beans. Both entrees were DELICIOUS. The beans were spicy and were so tasty and the fish tacos tasted fresh and light. I ordered a Bloody Mary and our bartender made it spicy for me. It was definitely the best Bloody Mary I have ever tasted. Next time I'm in town I will most likely be back.
Great pancakes.  My wife and I shared an order and couldn't finish. So massive and delicious.
I had a surprise dinner birthday celebration at Dressler's for my wife and invited her closest family members and friends. Many of the out of town guests arrived early. That combined with my wife arriving late created as much as an hour gap.  No worries, the professional staff made the guest feel welcomed and relaxed as they mingled waiting for my wife. As dinner began, perfection went to another level. The staff served our 21 guests with the same service as a private dinner for two.  Our guests kept asking what the appetizers were, because they were satisfied as if those could be an entree. After the salads, entrees arrived (ribeye, halibut, crab cakes). The flavor & presentation was perfection! All guests couldn't leave any on their plate. We even had a guest that requested a Vegan dish (not on the menu), the chef delivered and our guest enjoyed the custom service. Jon Dressler, Kent Voss, Brittany, MJ and the entire kitchen and bar staff made a lasting memory!
Hired a 3 man crew for my 1600 sq ft house. Guys came on time and worked tirelessly in 90+ degree weather, only stopping for a quick lunch break. They we're very nice and they carefully got all my furniture in the house and set a lot of it up too. I really appreciated when they brought my fridge and treadmill in my house and had to be very creative yet careful when moving these large objects in tight spots. Best of all their rate was far and away the cheapest I found. Would definitely recommend these guys.
I love the restaurant. The Greek Salad is the best. Staff is cordial. Decore is nice. Service is timely. Thumbs up!
Impressed with this place.   Great menu and customer service.   Pricing is dead on.  Inviting for those outside sports crowd.   We'll be back!
Best jerk chicken sandwich in the city. Can't read the guy at the counter though. He either loves me or hates me. What is going through his head I will never know, but damn do they know how to make a good sammich.
Great service, food was great and came out fast. Much better than the Denny's in Parma.
This place is always great my husband and I love ordering from them not only are they extremely fast when it comes to delivery but they are SUPER friendly their pizza is top notch whenever I take a bite I feel like I'm in Italy! This is the place to order from if you don't feel like cooking and are too much of a bum to go outside :)
Wonderful hotel in Old Montreal.  Nice sized, beautifully appointed rooms with great service.  Always a joy to stay here.
WOW!!  Best Greek food I have had in the Valley.  Love the baklava - cheese cake dessert.  The owners were very welcoming and friendly.  Very nice atmosphere.
I drive 30 minutes across town to attend classes here. That should tell you how awesome it is.
Great prices and caring staff. I had a faux suede purse that I took to their store to clean. Man oh man they did a great job. It needed a soft handas it is faux suede and the color was intact. Before cleaning it the owner and myself made sure it was a faux suede (it was stretchy) as to not damage the purse. Very nice customer service and great prices. Thank you
Everything I tried here was delicious and service was friendly. Go I recommended this place!!! Try everything or ask the servers what they recommended. The coffee and dessert is also yummy. I definitely go again I want to try more dishes and explore the whole menu.  My brother and I went and ordered different plates and shared. Nice atmosphere the theme is Island hint the name. First time I had tried Malaysian food and I loved it!!!
This my fourth time here... Their steak and fried eggs with avocado keeps bringing me back. Their staff is very friendly on each occasion... We love sitting outside enjoying our food and people watching on queen street. Brilliant casual stop, with good quality concise menu.
Absolutely love this place ! Every time my husband and I come in, we're always greeted by our first names. My husband and I order the same everything every time and if one of the employees makes a mistake, they always fix it before giving us our orders. The owner is so nice. His name is Sou and he has great customer service along with Jesalyn? I'm sooooo sorry if I got the name wrong but she always says hi to me and doesn't even have to ask for our order. You guys are amazing and keep up the good work
Came here with some friends from northern India.We all got the lunch buffet with a side of naan (obviously) and some additional kebabs. Everything was delicious. My personal favorites from the buffet were the paneer and the butte chicken, but they did  also have lamb and some veggie samosas that others at the table liked. Prices were also extremely reasonable at around $11pp.
Great service.  Nick came out for an estimate and was able to fix my problems that day.  And came in under the price of other companies.  Would definitely recommend and use again!
Amazing food, especially the cheesesteak ! Haven't ever been disappointed ever. The service is great and the staff is awesome. If you haven't been before I would encourage anyone to give them a try and you'll know why I gave it five stars
Good food, good drink selection - can't complain about that.Then you walk into the venue, and it's all sorts of fantastic.  Bleacher seating if you wanna chill. Places to put your food and drink if you want to mill about.  The place is pretty small so if your favorite band comes through here it's a MUST that you check them out - very intimate.Another bar towards the back is pretty accessible and the bathrooms are never a hassle.
This is the only Philippine's Restaurant in Phoenix that you can find the best Chicken Adobo, Lumpia Shanghai, Bihon and Halo2 dessert. Very nice service and friendly restaurant owner, Tony. They have tons of fresh bakery too... yum! and yum! I wish my mom has bakery store like them.
Shaleen is great at what she does.  I am in the health field and recognize someone that goes above and beyond to help a client.  She listened to my specific requests and was specific to those needs.  I noticed an immediate improvement in my sports performance.  I would highly recommend Shaleen.
This place was so cute, a great find for an old fashioned breakfast.  Western omelette was very good as well as fluffy biscuits and husbands French toast good as well.  Attentive and friendly service-prices were great.
Jed was amazing.  I am currently looking to buy my first house, and have had a few inspections done by other inspectors on potential places.  Jed was by far more thorough and technologically advanced than anyone else.  He spent over 3 hours inspecting the 1000 sq foot condo I was looking at!  He didn't miss a thing, and his report was emailed less than 24 hrs later, with pictures and explanations of everything.  It was because of him that I was made aware of extensive water damage in one of the walls, and I decided to walk from the property because of it and potential mold issues.  I'm still house hunting, and I will definitely use Jed every time I need an inspection!
Lecker Kaffee und Tee. Freundliches und aufmerksames Personal. Schöner Platz zum Verweilen mit schnellem stabilem WLAN.
Love this place!We went to the later showtime.It was not packed. Plenty of seats. No bad seat in the house ^_^The cast interacted, and kept us engaged throughout.They offer snacks, adult bevies, at reasonable cost.No minimum to purchase.Tix cost varied. However, we paid 10.00 per person due to coupon code.Plenty of parking as well.
Really cool older to hang out and meet friends. It's quiet and stylish. The 20-something layered crepe dessert is amazing. The green tea flavor is my favorite.
Best vietnamese ever. Outstanding service. Owners even remember their regular customers names.
This place was a truly an awesome find! The food was excellent. The owner was super friendly and very helpful. We defiantly will be back. Delicious food and comfortable atmosphere besides how can you go wrong with a place named 'Nanny's'.
This is a good location for kids to play. I'm giving it 4.5 Stars because there isn't a parking lot and the place is not fully finish renovated yet. We brought our two boys they had so much fun with the splash pads, my first time going there using the splash pads (one of the advantage in the parks in Canada). I like it because in the heat of the sun there's always a good shade where you can stay when it gets too hot for you. The cold water in the splash pad helps to cool you down in this summer heat. Our toddler enjoyed running around with his water bucket along with the other kids there while I let his baby brother dips his toes in the paddles watching them run around. We moved to the playground beside it after a little while, it's a good playground too except they removed the sand in it and change it into playmat floors.
You know you are at home when the owners is making conversation  and checking on his customers.  Our server Ana was charming and very attending.  We enjoyed all the food we ordered.  It was all cooked to perfection and all the plates were fresh. The whole place is clean. The pozole was to die for, along with the spicy, addicting salsa it comes with. (Made by the owner's wife) the crepes were very delicious,  the chicken n waffles was oh so good. The chicken was tender and juicy, and the chilaqiles were bomb! Saucy and crunchy how I like them. The steak was soft juicy and flavorful.  I can't wait to go back because now I am hungry!!
Perhaps my favorite meal in visiting Toronto.  Both my friend and I loved our selections.  If you are a fan of German food or would just like a pretty good bang for your buck for a nice lunch-this is it!
Fantastic!  They hit it out of the park.  Such a great vegan selection to choose from.  Everything was fresh.  The soy chicken satay were a great start to our meal.  The peanut sauce was amazing.  The drunken noodles and panang tofu were excellent.  We can't say enough good things about this place.  Definitely coming back very soon!!
I got a pedi here from Kim she did a good job. I made an appt based on the reviews I read and I'm glad I did it seemed to get pretty busy. $20 for a pedi, can't beat that! It's in the neighborhood so I'm sure I'll be going back.
its great.. up to par with taste with other good ramen place.. better priced.. more toppings that other places.. decent variety. and quick (don't be scared by the line).
This place is awesome. We have been coming here for over a year. The students are well trained and massages are at a much friendlier price than private places. The only drawback is that since they are students the same person will only be available for a limited time (usually a couple months before graduating). They also have pre-paid cards which get you an additional discount as well. We cone here on average 2x/month.
Overall it was very relaxing & comforting. The masseuse are very attentive to make you feel at peace. I had a facial & during the facial, she will also massage your arms & legs. I have a rash and she was totally ok with it & used coconut oil. It was soooo soothing!!! I will definitely come back !!!! My boyfriend booked this for me for my birthday - the sweetest guy !! The place is clean & they offer nice refreshing water with nice music :)
Love this tea bar! You HAVE to try their iced jasmine latte with honey and sea salt cream! It's life changing! The customer service is always amazing as well!
We went there today for the first time. The food was awesome ! They warned us of a wait very nicely and we decided to stay. We got seated right away and ordered cream sticks and coffee which we got very quickly and they were both very very good.  We ordered breakfast and it was worth the wait. The food is homemade and delicious. The place is clean even the bathroom which is important to me. We had great service and can't wait to go again next weekend.
C4=Cave Creek Coffee Company & Wine Bar1/2 coffee shop + 1/2 wine bar = haven.The one and only totally relaxed coffee spot in the valley.Dogs are welcome on the front porch. No star*ucks addicts allowed. Only 'come as you are' coffee drinkers.Light food for Breakfast, lunch, snacks and dinner.Nice mix of people at every hour. Good basic food including salads, sandwichs and cheese plates.  Live music and concerts- check website
Big O tires was very accommodating, friendly, and efficient. They removed the screw in my tire immediately while smiling the whole time. Great service and complementary repair--I would highly recommend!  They have my business now going forward.
The very definition of a dive bar w a food problem. They won best take out for good reason. Don't need a menu just get a burger you can't go wrong. Love this place.
Love love love love this place. They are super friendly and they provide a punch card. Recommend this place to anyone who loves boba! Parking is great and you'll be in an out in no time. Will definitely be trying their food next!
Love this place I have been going here for years since the location was on 43rd and Olive ! The food has always been yummy and consistent . Life time customer  if  I could I would eat there every night of the week !!!
I've eaten here four times since this place opened. This is a fast-casual restaurant. You place your order, get a number, and the food is brought to your table. I can't say enough about what a good deal this place is. You could easily spend the same amount of money at a fast food place and not receive the quality of food or service that you do here.The portions are big. The food is fresh and made-to-order. The food is served on glass plates with real silverware. The service is excellent and very attentive. If you order hot tea or coffee someone is always checking to see if you need a refill.I've tried the omelet, breakfast bowl, and burger. They have all been delicious. I really like the giant zucchini spears and onion rings as a side option instead of french fries.I will be back for sure.
Five Stars you say? But why? Why 5 Stars?I'm giving The District Five Stars because I have come to adore The District over the past couple years. It has strangely enough become a staple of my trips to Henderson. I often look forward to a trip to The District as it hosts many of my favorite shopping spots. Normally I head over for a few reasons: I need cards from Hallmark, I'd like to browse Williams & Sonoma or pop into the doggy boutique to buy some treats for my dogs. The District also hosts Whole Foods as well.As for restaurants I've been to a few of them: Al's Garage, Presidio Rachel's Kitchen, of course, the Panera Bread, and Coffee Bean (love it!). They have events, you can see people walking their dogs and honest to goodness it almost feels like you aren't really in Vegas anymore when you're here. Overall this is one of my favorite shopping areas in Las Vegas/Henderson. Love it.
Absolutely fabulous restaurant!  Chef Trees is the perfect host!!  Came tonight to celebrate two birthdays and truly felt like we were at Chef's house!!  He was so welcoming and gracious!!  Absolutely fabulous meal!!  I will truly be back!!  Come and experience what a great dining experience should be like!!  Thank you Chef Trees!!!  We love you!!
Seriously the best! Super cheap compared to what I pay in CA. You seriously never have a bar tab for 5 people under $40, it's like not possible. So that's one reason I will forever be in love. Another reason is the food is awesome! Specifically the Pizza! Alcohol selection is limited , but they have enough to get the job done. Great local watering hole.
On time, texts prior to arrival. They easily took care of our roof rat problem. Within three weeks, everything was resolved. They still come out every 2 months, and I've never had any problem with pests. They come back out at anytime for no additional charge.
I'm surprised Yasu has any negative reviews. This is my favorite sushi spot in Phoenix. The service is not fast but you go there for the experience not fast food. If you are an adventurous eater and want to enjoy an evening out eating authentic Japanese food the chef clearly prepares with care go to Yasu. If your an unadventurous eater, looking for a cheap meal or are in a hurry...you might not appreciate it as much as you should I guess...
The best Wagyu steak I've ever put in my mouth. Our table had a variety of different types and cuts of steak. Hands down the Wagyu was the BEST! As my friend put it best "DREAM WORTHY"!  Don't waist your time on any other steak or you will be the disappointed one at the table once you sample the Wagyu. We family styled the sides and my favorite by far was the spicy rice! YUM! I absolutely loved the fresh mixed cocktails too and the wine list is fabulous.  The staff took our experience seriously and every aspect of our time with them was enjoyed. My experience will continue to be "Dream Worthy" . . . Best food memory of 2016. Until next time!
These are the best shoes on the planet. The man knows how to cut a stiletto- a stiletto that you can probably actually walk in. Your legs will look hot and you won't walk like a baby fawn on drugs. I try to restrain myself on the Blahniks, but it's worth the price to have those perfect evening sandals that work with everything. Price per wear, ladies- price per wear.
So absolutley fantastic. Went on a date there and it was our first time. The owner came over and chatted with us then we let him pick and choose what to bring and it was amazing. I wish I remembered the names of our dishes. Guess I will have to go again so I can give you more specifics.
I have never written a review because I can be quite critical, but I felt compelled this time due the excellent food and service that we experienced.  The food and sauces were just as good as how my Mom would make it.  The portions are sizable, and there is a great balance of the new and old with regards to the decor and the cuisine.  I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want a friendly, relaxed atmosphere to enjoy for a quick meal or a nice sit down family meal.  In fact, my daughter felt so relaxed that she couldn't resist the urge to prop her feet up and enjoy!  Last but not least: please note at how the owners even come out to greet us.  I would give this place 10 stars if I could.
Cool spot.  I've been here multiple times of the day.  Great food, good service, cool atmosphere, great draft beer.  Free wifi.  Love this place.
Barry Bond and KC BBQ sandwiches were delicious.  Kiddo really enjoyed Chester the Cheetah sandwich as well.  Beer battered onion rings were phenom.  We'll be back!!
This place is the best Mexican restaurant in Toronto hands down. We always come here! Carnitas and barbecoa is absolutely delicious, haven't tried other mains because I'm still stuck on those two! The manager and staff are also always super courteous and welcoming as well.Always a wonderful experience.
Our server, Lauren, was awesome.  She had great recommendations for beverages and dinner.  We were there celebrating our anniversary and had a great time.  We had the Filet feature with mac and cheese, creamed cheese (a must order!), gnocchi and mushrooms (there were too many great sides to choose from!).  We have eaten here many times and it has never disappointed.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone!  They brought us a complimentary dessert since we were celebrating.  Can't wait to go back again!
I took my mother here when she was in town, as she was on a strict diet and could only eat very bland foods.  The kitchen staff was very accommodating in preparing her dish as requested, even though it clearly upset the chef in letting the dish leave the kitchen as it was.  My meal was fantastic, and not bland at all.  We ended up going back the next day for another meal there, and I was just as happy with another meal there.  I've been back once or twice since and have not had a bad visit.  Highly recommended.
I have nothing but praise for the Chart House. For one, our waiter (I think Jeff) was totally on point. He was on his game all night. Secondly, when I made the reservation, they asked if we were celebrating anything... I thought it was just a common question, but no! They put "Happy Birthday, Mercedes!" on the menu! All 4 of our menu's had that message on the top. What a nice, personal touch.Now the food... oooooooooooh the food. I wished I had 4 stomachs so I could eat it all. The lobster bisque was sooo tasty, so was the gazpacho! For my entree, I had the filet mignon with sizzling mushrooms. Everything was delicious. My mom got the stuffed shrimp and let me try - that was also incredible.And the pomegranate mojito tasted like candy!!I would definitely come back to the Chart House again!
Nick and his assistant Alan were prompt, courteous, and exceptionally knowledgeable. Not only did he very quickly diagnose and repair the problem, he shared a lot of general knowledge about irrigation systems and he also showed my husband and I how to repair a secondary issue, as well as offered us multiple possible solutions to the problem so that we could choose a solution that worked with our budget. He also took the time to have us review his work before leaving so that we could be certain it was what we wanted.I was also particularly impressed by how myself and my husband were both treated. Although Nick clearly had exceptional expertise, he spoke to me directly and courteously, showed me what he was working on, and never talked down to me. Fantastic customer service!
Looking for a great Mexican grocer or a place that sells some pretty dern good carne asada in the south phx/tempe area? Look no more! I've been searching for a lil spot like this for a while now! They have a great selection of fresh meat (btw the butchers are super friendly and informative), fresh cheeses and check this out, they also sell raspados! And everybody knows that if you're spending anytime in phx (let alone a summer) then a good raspado is definitely in need! :)
Very good customer service,I had some trouble w/ Mac Book Pro after the new OS was installed.We should have took it here first.The store mgr. was AMAZING,went out of his way to make sure we left happy,I will only go to this apple store now.
My car was taken to Ultimate Collision Repair after I was rear-ended on the freeway.  When I went there to meet with Dennis, I was blown away at how clean it was!  I was worried about using genuine BMW parts and he explained the entire process to me and addressed any concern i may have had. Dennis was fantastic, keeping me in the loop throughout the entire repair.  I just got my car back and it looks like new.  I'm thrilled with the quality and service and highly recommend Dennis at Ultimate Collision Repair on Pyle Road.
Every part of it was excellent! The food was fantastic (we even got dessert!), BYOW is convenient, and Andre our waiter is an absolute professional that made it all that much better!
I absolutely love this place atmosphere, people, classes, and vibe! I first came here a few months ago with my boyfriend tried the week of free classes deal and fell in love! I am a student at UnLV and they have a great deal for students! Not only very affordable but so close to my home! No more community showers at the school, Trufusion has such a clean facility. Very impressive. The classes I take on a regular basis include hot Pilates and sculpt, trufusion 60 & 75, and my absolute favorite yin with Zeeky! He is seriously the best yoga teacher I have come across, unbelievably friendly, motivational, passionate about yoga, and his students.  He takes the time out of class to help anyone who needs it. He fills the room with a fun, calming, and welcoming energy. I couldn't ask for a better teacher. Thank you Trufusion for showing me yoga and it is truly changing my life.
I had a Groupon and went for dinner with my boyfriend last night.  This place is amazing!  We started off with the tapas sampler, and everything on it was great.  We also ordered bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo, which just melted in my mouth.  For our entree, we shared a fried chicken dish--very good and actually not too heavy.  And if course, since it's a Cuban restaurant, I had mojitos.  They were delicious, and very authentic--no Bacardi!  In addition to the great food, the service was fast and friendly.  We will definitely be going back soon!
Best happy hour near me!! I come here all the time and usually get a beer, a large hot sake and the 777 roll. The rolls are always on point but the appetizers are hit or miss. I've learned to avoid the tuna poke and seaweed salad. The poke tuna is always gray, off-colored and squishy, like they just barely defrosted it and threw it into a bowl. The seaweed salad is always dry so I've stopped ordering it. BUT I still love this place and the service is amazing!! Probably gonna come here for lunch today to be honest haha. Love you guys!!!!
I had a special request for a royal blue and gold baby shower cake. They delivered right on time with not only a beautiful cake that was customized to my specifications at a great price (in comparison to the competition) but it was DELICIOUS! Vanilla cake with vanilla bean Bavarian cream with fresh strawberries.
When you first walk in it will trip you out! Very elegant and classy inside. Good luck finding good seating. This place is huge, but almost always packed. Pastries are a total delight! I would come here just for a pastry treat and pass on the coffee. Probably one of the most enchanting coffee shops I've ever been in. A fantastic place to bring a close friend or relative for a long conversation.
I highly recommend the mini crowns! I've been enjoying them for years and they make a nice treat when visiting someone!The bigger crowns are also good however the mini ones have a better dough to filling ratio.
Really great 'fast' food - healthy and quick but everything was just SO flavorful! I got a veggie wrap and the flavors of everything worked so well - hummus, pickles, cabbage, rice, lettuce - the tahini dressing was amazing and the Greek vinaigrette finished it off nicely! I almost went back for another one! My husband got the steak wrap with hummus, lettuce, tabbouleh, tzatziki, and rice and he said he was really good as well. We also got the season chips which were great as well. This place is basically a Mediterranean Chipotle
Sushi/ Sashimi/ Appetizer or Hot dishes, anything is good! They come with a reasonable price too.Will come back again! :)
On the hunt for brunch on a weekend, our very own Yelp suggested this as something in the neighborhood to try.  We left highly satisfied.Like: Basically everything.  We were warmly greeted when we walked in and immediately pegged as first-timers.  The server came over to talk to us about the place and explain how she and her wife owned it, and tell us a little bit about the restaurant.  To be honest, I've forgotten her name but I'm assuming it's Kim based on other reviews.  She was so sweet to us the entire time and we really enjoyed talking to her.  The food was really tasty, a good size and incredibly affordable.  We lingered a little longer than normal after eating but never felt pressured to leave.Dislike: I don't really have anything to say in this category.  You've got a partner run business with two women that clearly want to make sure you are satisfied.  And we were.I would love to come back to this place again for dinner and check out some of the other options on the menu.  We'll be back for sure.
It was as advertised. It was a great choice  for  restaurant  week. Everything was grade A. Our server Chris was awesome and very knowlegeable  about the menu. I would highly recommend  this  place.
Yum... Need I say more! Normally my wife and I split a meal but at Haji Baba we don't because it's more fun to share! Not the typical type of food found in the valley a real hidden gem. What it lacks in the decor and atmosphere it makes up for in flavor and price... I highly recommend this place!
This was a wonderful experience! We rode public transportation to get close to the track, then walked a little ways to get there. Great view of the strip from here! I used to work at a go-kart place in Pigeon Forge, TN, but these are definitely the fastest go-karts I've ever driven! What a thrill-ride! We had a Groupon, and everyone we met was friendly and helpful. This is a highly recommended attraction!!!
Impressed with how quick we got our rental car!  We got a decent rate and checking in and out was a breeze!  Convenient shuttle to and from the airport, with hardly any wait time! We will definitely go with Alamo the next time we need a rental car!
A smoking oasis located far from the traffic and noise of the strip! Top notch humidor with a well rounded selection and fair pricing. Nicely decorated interior with leather and wood. The best part? OPEN LATE......
We have known Dr Noorda about 15 years, and he is the most caring, professional, and kind orthodontist we could ever hope for! His staff is awesome as well.  My daughter Kristin has cerebral palsy and had an exceptional amount of orthodontic work to be done, and Dr Noorda was always patient, and kind with her and made her feel extra special, and he did an amazing job with her teeth, and she now has the most beautiful smile in the world! It is still a joy for her to come visit him when she follows up with her retainer care. Would recommend him definitely!!
Customer service is great I had Never eaten Pho before and all I  did was describe what I was looking for and the friendly girl up front was able to point to a dish that suited me ! I loved it . I brought my family back for some to try as well !! Thank you
Discovered this gem by pure luck!!! Smart name and absolutely fantastic latte. The choices of spice to mix are great. The smell when u enter this place is exquisite and puts you in the mood immediately. Very pleasant and helpful staff. Would go there everyday if I lived nearby!!
