b'I hate having to write this review, but alas our visit at this hotel was gross to say the least.  The Flamingo is generally a go to for our Vegas vacations, we usually stay in the newly remodeled "Go Rooms" which are fantastic! Clean, cute and a great location. However, this visit we booked a "Fab Luxury" room. I didn\'t realize what a difference there was in the rooms! First of all it took over an hour to check in because it was overcrowded and under staffed. That\'s all fine and dandy, stuff happens right? Now, we finally got to our room, after an exhausting and hot drive to Vegas, only to be repulsed upon entry. The bead spread (which is furry for reasons I can\'t figure out), had some funky, brown, sticky goop on it that caused the fuzz to all clump together in some disgusting pink clustergunk.  Ok, gross so I pulled it off the bed and tossed it aside. We continue to settle in and realize that the lamp table and floor beneath are COVERED in sticky nasty mystery sludge, to the point that I can make out footprints in the gunk.  This is followed by the discovery of clumps of hair on the bathroom floor and a filthy tub. This was all enough for me to be seriously grossed out. We tried calling the front desk to no avail. So, I marched down to speak to someone in person.  The girl at the desk was very pleasant and informed me that normally they would move us to another room, but because it was booked solid she would have someone come up right away to clean. We waited, and waited, and then we waited. Nothing, the entire night. We went to eat, walk around and still no one had come. The next morning, we went out and about for the day and saw that someone was coming to clean our room, excellent! So we thought. We came back to the room after a few hours to find that everything was exactly the same, save for the made beds and a few new towels. So, again I go downstairs to speak with someone. I am told once again that someone will come clean right away. We go to our room, and wait. What do you know...someone came. A grumpy, disgruntled, irritated woman came and aggressively scrubbed the goop off of the floor and table and then handed me some towels and left.  Overall, I was extremely disappointed by The Flamingo. The food court was closed the whole time we were there, our room was absolutely filthy and the pool closes at 6pm (how lame). Next time around I think we may just spend a little more and stay somewhere with some standards. Massive fail Flamingo.'