b'Do not stay at the Flamingo! I repeat, Do not stay at the Flamingo. Reasons why:1. Unclean rooms. We booked 2 rooms. 1st room had one bed, when we had requested two. The bed was messed up, there was trash on the floor. 2nd room was a handicapped room which was fine except I hope that someone who actually was handicapped did not miss out. 3rd room had two beds but both had been rolled around in and dirty towels in the bathroom. 4th room reeked of weed, but otherwise "clean" and thereby deemed acceptable at 4am until they could get us a room on the same floor as the other one the next day. We got in at 11:30pm and went through 4 rooms that were not clean or able to be slept in in 4 hours. Meaning although we paid for a room on Friday, there was not a clean one available.2. Unaccommodating service. 1 out of 3 front desk agents were friendly. We did not hear an apology for any of the dirty rooms and when my friend asked for compensation they acted like they didn\'t know why. They reluctantly gave us a $30 voucher for a hotel restaurant. Whoopee.3. Slow service at the Mexican restaurant in the casino. Also, guest services said they were open until 2am on Sunday after the marathon. Nope. They turned on all the lights before midnight.4. When cashing in our $30 voucher, my friend had to sign her name and put our room number. The server at the restaurant misunderstood (or not) and charged my friend $30 EXTRA to the room.There are so many more reasons I could name to skip over this hotel when planning a trip for Vegas, but the cheap price is not worth it. Other guests that we knew also had problems with their rooms (leaky toilet and shower) and with rude staff.Why people stay at the Flamingo:- it\'s central on the Strip (really its only saving grace)- it\'s cheaper- it has a convenient small food courtThe flamingos in the courtyard were cool, but walk through as you pass to your better even if a tad more expensive hotel. Do not stay at the Flamingo unless it\'s for free. And even then, I\'d think twice.'