b'"You get what you paid for" Let me start off by saying my family visits Las Vegas frequently and The Plaza has been a family favorite due to its location in Downtown, with most rooms having a nice view of Fremont the experience. I went up to Las Vegas this past weekend, as I usually do for APA Nationals at the Westgate Hotel and Casino. We stayed there Thursday and Friday, but they were booked for Saturday, so my finance and I decided to stay at the Plaza. Plus my sister and her bf were visiting from London and staying at the Plaza with my mom, aunt and uncle. Gambling wise we did good at this casino as well as on Fremont. Unfortunately, this does not outweigh the bad we experienced. First of all, on Saturday night when we decided to take a cruise down the strip, we found human SHIT near the elevators that you use to retrieve your car from the parking lot inside the casino. I am not exaggerating when I say it was a real emoji SHIT without the smiley face. There was even some on the walls too. Just GROSS!! At first, I didn\'t think it came from a human, but my sister and her bf are in vet school and said that it was definitely from a human. It stank up the whole area. It might as well have been inside one of the elevators, so everyone didn\'t have to suffer and smell it while waiting for their elevator. You would think it wouldn\'t get worse but it did. Checkout the next day was at 11am. My fiance checked out while I was finishing getting ready. Around 11:15am there was a knock on the door. We told the male hotel staff member that we were on our way out. We literally had our suitcases in tow when we answered the door. He said he was calling it in downstairs and made his way to the elevators. We also made our way to the elevators and asked the staff member if we were going to be charged. He said that is not his job. We asked again also stating that if we were going to be charged we would just stay in the room a bit longer and not rush. At this point the hotel staff member began to get loud and told us check out was at 11. We told him we knew that we were just running a bit late (15min late). As we made our way back to our room to think about our options, the staff member followed us into our room and began to wait (it seemed like he was talking on the radio and was waiting for a response). Again we asked if we were going to be charged. He gave no answer and at this point I told him if we are going to be charged for the room, then it was our room and for him to get out. He said for me to lower my voice and that I couldn\'t speak to him that way. I wasn\'t yelling and I was speaking to him in the same tone he was speaking to me. Again I told him to get out of our room. He then said he didn\'t give a fu@k about his job and that he would throw his clip board down and wait for us outside. At this point we just decided to go talk to the front desk about this whole mess and figure out if we are going to be charged the extra night. Even as we made our way to the elevator (which was full of people) the staff member continued to follow us and taunt us. My fiance did an excellent job keeping his composure, especially after this male staff member made a threat to me, not to my fiance, but to me! In the end my fiance complained about the threat, everyone at the desk was in complete shock. We were only there one night, no comps were given and we totally forgot to mention the SHIT near the elevator due to the bizarre check out experience. I will NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN!! Next time my fiance says suit, I\'m jumping on it. Frugal me decided to save money and stay near family. Well, here at the Plaza, you definitely get what you paid for.'