b"It's unfortunate that the stellar initial experience I had when purchasing my car was torn to shreds just days later, all courtesy of Berge Ford Manager, Craig Ginsberg. Four days ago I had the pleasure of dealing with Mel and got into a 2017 Ford Fusion. The experience was great, customer service was amazing and I was so happy with my car and Berge......until today. Today my tire pressure sensor came on, so I came into Berge, after calling for an appointment, to have it resolved. To my dismay, I was advised that the tire is irreparable and has to be replaced. To add insult to injury, Berge was not willing to replace the tire for free, even though there was no proof that the tire wasn't damaged when I purchased. Nonetheless, when the service department was working on it I made my way to sales to discuss what Berge could do to ensure their customer was taken care of. Unfortunately I had to speak with Craig Ginsberg, who is a chauvinistic, rude and unprofessional individual. Craig advised me that if they had sold me the car with the nail in my tire it would've been flat in hours. LIE, even the service department confirmed that was a lie. Secondly, I advised Craig that I didn't spent 25K on a car a few days ago to pay another $250 for a new tire today. Craig said that wasn't his fault and he doesn't give things away for free and he conveniently dodged my quality of customer service he was providing questions. Once I asked for Craig's Manager's contact information, I was advised the General Manager of Sales, Steve Countryman, doesn't have a cell phone. LIE. I told Craig I wasn't going to listen to any more deceit and then he offered to call Steve to see if they could do anything since I wasn't accepting his rude demeanor and lack of ethics. Imagine that novel approach.....and within 30 seconds he came back and advised me they'd replace the tire for free. MAGIC! When Craig told me that I asked him why it took me going to the extent of asking for Steve's information for them to do the right thing, and he literally looked at me and said, 'What, you don't say thank you? I went out of my way to call Steve and I get you a free tire and all you do is tell me that I'm rude and condescending?' Are you kidding me?!?! Craig is a poor excuse for a Manager, even poorer excuse for a 'leader' and if I were Mr. Berge, I'd be embarrassed to have him work for my company. He was unprofessional, condescending and has no regard for ethics or customer service. I am extremely disappointed with this experience and it's so sad to me that the great individuals I dealt with to buy my car (Mel and Dave) were totally forgotten, all because Craig lies and is on a power trip to feed his ego. Note to Berge......Craig should do some on the job training with Mel and Dave as well as attend some workshops and truly learn how to deal with customers, how to tell the truth and how to do the right thing. My apologies to the quality human beings I dealt with at Berge but after my interaction with Managers like Craig, I'm shocked that anyone returns to Berge. Craig needs help, and if you're not careful he's going to be disrespectful to more and more customers and one of these days he'll mess with the wrong customer. Icing on the cake? I was advised that they'd wash and clean up my car once the new tire was put on......not only did they NOT do that BUT I walked to my brand new car to see the passenger window covered in bird poop. I don't know what else to say, Berge.....so disappointed today that people are allowed to operate on deceit and false promises. You've lost a customer."