b"This place is a Dirty Germ magnettoday was our first appointment for OT and Speech.  First thing the building looks like a house, Walking into the front entrance the waiting room is small, the bath room Is A Porta-potty which is DISGUSTING. I asked how the state can allow this to be considered a handi accessible bathroom my son is in a wheel chair but he is able to use the bathroom m. We had to physically lift my son to urinate which resulted in urin on the floor, along with all the Other Urin on the floor, apparently the bathroom is hooked up to a septic tank and would not accommodate the amount of ppl who would be using it, the OT told me that usually the abled bodied kids use the poro potty no problem and the kids in wheelchairs are usually in  diapers... as if theres no in between, they suggested we use a toddlers training toilet in which he would be to big.  The  pool pump was broken and the water was Green. I have waited a year for physical therapy so i gritting my teeth and pushed through, the Speech therapist, was working with a mask bc she had an upper respiratory illness and despite me telling her my children are low immune, she found away to get back into the room.  After voicing my concerns to the manager about the bathroom facilities, I received a text posted below. August 28, 2017Dear parent of A*I have been told that you expressed concerns about our facility. We are very sorry that it does not meet your family's needs.  Our program does offer therapeutic riding and hippotherapy and, with these available specialties, IS different than a traditional clinical medical office.As such, effective immediately, we want your child to receive therapy services at a traditional clinical therapy facility.  Based on your expressed concerns we are reserving the right to refuse service.Please consult your pediatrician for recommendations as to where to receive outpatient therapy other than at our facility.So because my son cant physically use a porter potty they are refusing to see him rather and correct the problem. Good to know."