b'I don\'t know if this is the correct PODS location, but this comment is about the entire PODS company, not a specific location.The whole notion of loading all your belongings into a box and then having the box shipped to the city you\'re moving to is brilliant and simple...unless you\'re dealing with PODS. These folks have less than no clue about what customer service is. My brother moved to Scottsdale from Minneapolis. He arrived well ahead of his PODS container. However, when the container did arrive no one bothered calling to let him know his unit had arrived. When he called them he was told, "Oh yeah. The container arrived last week." It never occurred to anyone to let my bro know that his container had arrived.Next was the issue of trying to schedule delivery of the unit to his home. Problem is, no one at PODS location has any discernible grasp of how production scheduling works. All they were interested in telling him is that there will be extra fees for overtime because they\'re so busy. Since when are the internal logistics problems at PODS any concern of the client? Thankfully, my brother is a very persuasive bloke and he takes very little guff from incompetent lackeys. Of course he paid no additional fees, but a more timid individual would likely be held up for extra charges.And then there\'s the challenge of trying to contact PODS. All communication and billing are handled at a centralized call center, and it\'s a typical call center staffed by individuals who are paid far too little to give a crap about people calling in with questions, problems, and concerns. So, if you want to contact the local location to see if the unit has arrived...no dice! You get to deal with a call center lackey.My brother did give a positive shout-out to the guys PODS sent out to empty out his home in Minneapolis and load the container. They damaged only two pieces of furniture and they didn\'t break near as many fragile items as he was expecting they would, so he was pretty pleased with that.Bottom line here is that until PODS matures and figures out its logistics issues, timing issues, and customer service issues, you\'ll do much better with U-Haul or Atlas Van Lines.'