b'I reaaally wanted to give Liberty Burger & Wings a better rating, as I try to support businesses involved in Yelp Burger Week, but this place just made it too difficult to do so. I tried to come in with an open-mind, even after reading a lot of the concerns voiced in other reviews - unfortunately, most of the complaints about restaurant policies, service, and price-gouging seem to be totally on point.SERVICE/POLICIES1) To start the night, our large group of 10+ were required to each purchase a drink, or be automatically charged a 20% gratuity. This is much higher than the 16-18% typically charged for large groups at more upscale places then this, and more importantly, this policy was not communicated to us earlier when the reservation was initially made.2) As already mentioned in several prior reviews, this place refuses to serve you water in a cup - if you want water, you\'re required to buy a bottle, even if you ordered beer/other drinks as well. I read about this unusual policy before coming, so I was not surprised like other customers have been - still a turnoff when this place refuses to offer what literally 99.9% of other restaurants do.3) The server offered me the option of fries, sweet potato fries, or poutine to accompany my burger - it was stated exactly like that, as though they were all standard side options. I literally asked her "oh, I can have poutine instead of regular fries??" and was excited when she confirmed yes. Never did the server mention that I would be charged a $5 "upgrade fee" for the poutine - I only found this out when I received the bill. 4) Although I didn\'t order the Yelp burger special, I saw that the burgers served to other customers didn\'t come quite as advertised (no mozzarella). Part of the reason I didn\'t order the special is because it sounded more plain when the waitress listed ingredients than I remembered it described on Yelp - after another in our group checked the Binge Week page, it confirmed that Liberty Burgers just kind of decided to omit the mozzarella after the fact (probably the most expensive topping on an already relatively plain burger compared to other Burger Week offerings). 5) The server dropped two of those bottles of water on me. It was an accident, but still had to mention it though haha. FOOD:The food itself was decent, and I liked how they gave us frosted glasses to share our pitchers. Although the fries in the poutine were a bit cold, and tasted somewhat stale for some reason, the cheese was pretty good (oh THERE\'S the mozzarella!). All together though, the "Canuck burger" I ordered (bacon, cheese, mushrooms) was not worth the $18 before tax, especially since the poutine had less fries then the standard side. Had I known there would be an extra charge stealthily slipped in, I would have just ordered a full order of poutine plus a single burger for a few dollars LESS then what I paid. ATMOSPHERE:I had actually previously passed by this place, and peeked in quickly before walking away - the exterior looks slightly more dingy and dive-ish than the dark/cramped interior, which is why I\'m so surprised at some of this place\'s high prices. This is no upscale place...VERDICT:The mediocre food aside, my gripes with this place have nothing to do with being "cheap" or "Asian," as another reviewer (possibly affiliated with Liberty Burgers) somewhat racistly implied. There doesn\'t seem to be a whole lot of integrity in this place\'s business practices, where many policies and staff miscommunications appear to exist just to deceive and/or price-gouge customers. Nobody wants to feel cheated - I will most definitely NOT be back.'