b'So this place just earned themselves a 1-star update, and it\'s a complete shame too. Service was always good to adequate, and I looked past that because of the food, but tonight was the proverbial straw that broke the camel\'s back. First, the gal who seated us puts us right next to the kitchen entrance in the dining area, the noisiest booth in the entire restaurant, even though the place was 1/2 empty at the time. Nothing like having to repeat yourself to your dinner date every-other-sentence because people in back are continually dropping off piles of plates and smashing things together and, generally, making enough racket to wake the dead. Someone finally brings chips and salsa, but we\'ve still got no drinks and no server. I guess I\'m supposed to take it down dry, right? Eventually someone shows up and we get our drink order in. No apology for the wait, naturally. After waiting slightly more than usual, our entrees come out. We went to town, all the while consciously saving room for some dessert (sopapillas for the win, right?). To her credit, the server did check on us to ensure the food was ok, albeit not until we had about half way finished the meal. Had there been a problem, it would have been a long wait. I know what you\'re thinking at this point. You\'re asking yourself what the big deal was and how this was some service disaster. In fairness, I didn\'t see it coming either, but stick with me for a bit longer!So with our entrees done, as in pushed away, covered with a napkin, cutlery crossed on the plate, we began our anxious wait for the sopapillas. The first step was ordering them, which when the server finally came to collect the plates (also after too long) we did. And so begins the waiting game without end. At 10 minutes in, still to sopapillas, but I counted up to 6 different staffers, including at least one manager, futzing with the tables next to us. Talking while standing right next to us, as if the plate dropping, chair moving, table dragging was not enough. There\'s nothing like trying to sit in silence at the table while having some chic\'s rear end inches from your face while she and some other mental midget try to figure out if they have enough chairs. Between all these people, they still managed to put more plates on the table than they had chairs. While this is going on, a woman walked up to one of them and said she needed a server. She described him physically, with enough detail to pick him up out of a police lineup (age, height, hair color, glasses.. seriously!) and someone went looking for him while she returned grumpily to her table. We\'re now 15 minutes in. Still no sopapillas. Futzing with the table is continuing, but then suddenly the manager and staffers helping with this decide on a new plan. Each table and all the chairs are slowly, noisily moved to the other side of the dining area. That\'s right, all the racket and hassle was for naught. Still no sign of our server or our dessert. A chip guy comes by and asks us if we want more chips, mistaking us for someone that just got seated. I explain we would like the dessert we ordered and asked if he could help figure out what happened. He leaves, never to be seen again. At the 20 minute mark, a completely different chip guy wanders up and asks if we\'d like more chips. I tell him about the ordeal and previous chip guy and tell him to get a manager so we can get our bill and leave, because we don\'t want the dessert anymore. He obliges. While we\'re waiting, we get another red flag. Remember the woman who was trying to track down her server? Yeah so she wanders up to the area behind the fountain, where the kitchen entrance is, just beneath the "Employees Only" sign. This lady literally yells, while waving her arms, "We need a server out here!" Wow. O.oAt the 25 minute mark, chip guy #2 came through and a manager arrived at our table. Clearly no clue what the problem was, he opens with the standard, "Is there a problem?" line. I explain our ordeal and he asks me who the server was, and of course I don\'t recall her name (he\'s the manager, shouldn\'t he know who is serving this table?). I told him I don\'t want the dessert, just bring the bill. A few moments later he returns will the bill, sans sopapillas, and apologizes. Nothing else was comped, naturally. About 5 minutes later, our server shows up with sopapillas and a backhanded apology. See, she goes on about how she asked someone else to help out and take care of us. It\'s your table, you own the service. If you entrust our care to some brain donor who drops the ball, it\'s still on you. She cashed us out and we walked out, leaving less than 10% for the tip and all the sopapillas behind. We didn\'t touch them for two reasons. 1) On principle, as we said we no longer wanted them and 2) They looked disgusting, long and skinny, darker than usual color and just.. wrong.I\'m sorry but how do you manage to screw it up this bad? What a complete and utter farce.'