b'My friends and I booked this hotel knowing it wasn\'t going to be the Bellagio or the Venetian, but we were left very disappointed. Check in takes forever and the customer service staff were not welcoming at all. Day one my friend\'s phone, credit card, and ID were stolen at The Flamingo Pool. We were able to cancel the card, buy a new phone, but not having an ID for her to get into places ruined the trip. Pool security is only there for show. They do a thorough search of you going in the pool but not going out. Hotel security was even less helpful....saying they would not be looking at camera surveillance. Police do nothing in that city besides turn a blind eye. The phone had not been turned off and we could track the location with "Find my iPhone" and still the police were unbothered and unwilling to help with a stolen identity. The Flamingo only use surveillance for their own benefit. Wifi costs extra and is still so slow. The carpets are filthy and everyone who stays there looks very low class. Housekeeping would not give us fresh towels or bag liners since we did not want them in our room after the theft at the pool. By the way no one followed up with us after the theft and we went out of our way to make sure they had our contact information in case at least the ID showed up. Our dirty towels laid in the hallway for days since housekeeping wouldn\'t take them from us. Walls are paper thin and you can hear everything next door which of course was disgusting. An alarm was blaring for hours next door and the front desk did nothing after we called them and physically walked down to complain. No vents in the bathroom....it was clogged and moldy. When we went to complain about how horrible our stay was we got a business card with the wrong information on it to contact someone. The e-mail was invalid. It was so awful we checked out a day early and still did not get our money back for the night we didn\'t stay there. A very scummy place that does not seem safe. I loved Las Vegas on prior visits and am now afraid to go back. Please do not stay here. There are so many other options and the city themselves have some soul searching to do about their inaction.'