b'Very disappointed with Argenta Apartments staff. My husband and I went in on May 26th to sign a lease on a large 2 bedroom apartment. We were told we could move in the following week but were required to provide a holding deposit that would not be applied to rent even though we would be moving in to the apartment the day it was available. May 27th we received a phone call stating that the apartment we were holding would not be available for a longer time. We were offered the same apartment on the ground level at the same price if we would wait until June 8th to move in. We made arrangements to move on June 8th, set up SRP and cox, rented a truck, secured a babysitter, gave our notice at our current location, and packed up all our belongings. On June 8th Argenta called in the morning while I was driving to the apartments to get the keys and I missed the call stating that we could not move in till after 5pm!! We sat around with all our moving help and waited for 5pm. We went back to the complex at 5 and got the keys. We walked back to the apartment excited to move in finally. As we began walking the unit we were stunned to see that they had not kept their word and had reserved a SMALL apartment for us. Of course at this time the management and the lady who had been helping us were gone for the day! We were told maybe they would have a unit for us Saturday! We already spent money and time for moving Wednesday and Thursday! When we spoke to management on Friday (!) they pretty much called us liars and told us we should have known there were no bigger two bedroom apartments on the ground level. Not sure how we were supposed to know that when all we know is what they told us. We asked for our holding deposit back since they did not hold the agreed upon apartment. Again they pretty much called us liars and said no. So we are out $250ish and got lied to. Pay a little more and get the apartment you agree to somewhere else.   Update: Argenta is again calling us liars with their response to my review. We never agreed to a smaller apartment. This was switched on us without our knowledge or approval. Very disappointed.'