b'*Encountered an extremely RUDE manager today at Yang\'s.- My partner and I decided to have AYCE lunch at Yang\'s Kitchen. Main service was mediocre/average; however, it was not a big deal as the food here is usually fairly good (been here a few times before, service is typically mediocre or subpar).Pros: Food arrived quickly after ordering. Cons: Ordered 10 pcs. of shrimp tempura; received only 4. When asked for a side of spicy mayo, server completely forgot. Had to ask another server 15 minutes later. Mandatory 10% tip no matter how large your party is.HIGHLIGHT of our meal: My partner ordered 5 salmon roses (pieces of raw salmon wrapped around a bit of rice). As she started eating them, she felt as though there was too much rice in the salmon rose for her liking. She therefore decided to remove about almost half of the rice from each rose and scooped it to the side. A woman (who I assumed was the manager because she was dictating orders to the staff) came by the table and told us in an RUDE and scolding tone, "Hey, you eat the rice. Yeah?" (spoken in broken english and pointing at the rice). We looked slightly confused, so she repeated, "You EAT the rice!". We were taken aback at this point, she assumed we didn\'t understand her so she proceeded to speak to me in Chinese (I am not Chinese, nor do I speak it). I responded confusedly, "Sorry, I don\'t understand. What??". She repeats in English again, "You EAT the rice", this time motioning with her hand scooping into her mouth. How condescending and uncalled for. My partner responded with, "Oh, well there\'s a bit too much rice ..." , the woman cuts her off and exclaims, "Nooononono, you eat the rice". We now realized that this was not a request, it was a demand. As she walked away, I explicitly told my partner NOT to eat the rice (accumulation of 2-3 tbsp), especially if she did not want it. The woman overheard and turned around as if she were going to come back and continue scolding us. She then proceeded to talk crap about us to the employees for the next 20 minutes (complaining to them, while looking back at us). UNPROFESSIONAL. We did not even feel like finishing our meal at this point. She even walked around a few times to look over at our table (to see if we finished the rice). We obviously did not finish it or felt a need to. We left soon after.This experience alone would earn Yang\'s a 0 star rating. But seeing as the food itself was decent, I\'m giving it a 1. My partner and I will NOT be returning. The manager here has HORRIBLE customer service skills and that request was just ridiculous. I have never heard of any restaurant employee/manager telling a guest HOW and WHAT to eat. Appalling. The staff here are definitely not afraid of arguing/lashing out at customers. "The customer is always right" does not apply here at Yang\'s.'