b'First off, the misters that great you as you buy tickets is a much needed relief on those hot summer days.  The beverages and snacks are expensive as all get out but you already knew that.  Movie theaters treat themselves like airports.  No outside food or beverage.  What a crock.  I still sneak in a can of Mr. Pibb and Red Vines, cause like Andy Samberg said, "They\'re crazy delicious."  Next we have the bathrooms.  (MEN) Do Not take a dump here!  The floors are sticky and not just by the urinals, but the sinks as well.  Have people been that desperate that they try to hit the sink?  They should clean up more often.  Now we come to the viewing chamber.  Meh.  Stadium seating is here, but that\'s not really much of a plus is it?  They are everywhere.  It\'s as if there are still people saying things like, "Your minivan has TWO sliding doors?!  No way!  That\'s like the coolest thing ever!"  The floors were sticky.  Maybe the guys going in the sink are tracking it back into the theater...nah probably soda.  Now the screen size.  Small. I previously lived near a theater that had those mega screens.  I guess I\'ve just gotten used to it.  There is a review here that mentions kids in Rated R movies.  I offer a new MPAA law..."R" = No children at all in theaters.  I don\'t care if they are teenagers.  That\'s fine with me I\'m talking 0 to 12 year olds.  There are other people here you know.  Being an adult.  I hate when little tykes are running up and down the aisles.   Or kids trying to talk to there buddies.  Case in point I saw The newest Harry Potter this summer with my gf and two kids sat behind us.  Apparently only one of them had read the books and/or saw the movies.  The other had done neither.  I had only seen the movies so I had no idea what was happening.  It\'s hard to watch a movie when you have one trying to explain the previous 34 books.  Then having the other kid get confused.  This is where it got unbearable the turd said, "Don\'t worry I read the book, I\'ll tell you what happens."  Meanwhile this 4 or 5 year old is running up and done the aisles and out of the corner of my eye I see that horrid glare of a cell phone screen and not an ordinary cell phone screen but one of those big ol\' dingleberries.  I prefer downloading now.  If you go on a date Do Not got to Jimmy Buffets Margaritaville.  For some reason I thought it would be a good idea (I\'ll wirte a review on that later...maybe..if I get good reviews on this one) Sorry this review is so long.  I just have a lot to say.  I wanted to be really thorough, but I think I might have rambled a bit.  But bear with me folks I\'m almost finished.  Okay I\'m done.'