b'Let me make this very clear at the very beginning...This is not about the $$$ I\'m out. This is about this company, their service, their lack of care and follow up / through. I arrived in Vegas and almost rented a car. Since I was going to stay at a hotel which had monorail stop, I decided against renting a car. I made arrangements through this company for transportation to and from the hotel to the airport. Getting to the hotel on  was fine. I was given a receipt for return trip and told to call and make arrangements 24 hours in advance for a pick from the hotel to the airport. For the return trip, I called to schedule a pick from the hotel to the airport as instructed. The person on the phone making my reservation was less than cordial but scheduled my pick up for 6:05 PM the next day. My departure from the airport was at 8:45 PM. On the pick up day, I went to the pick up spot outside my hotel and waited several minutes and waited until about 6:25 before calling the # on the receipt but no one answered. I made 5 separate calls and no one answered. On the 5th call, by using a different option in the menu, I finally reached someone  I explained to the person who answered my call and said I was waiting for a scheduled ride. He confirmed I had a 6:05 PM scheduled pick. He put me on hold for several minutes as he tried to figure out what was going on what to do. When he returned on the phone, he told me no one in "dispatch" was answering his call either and he had no idea on what to do other than try to get to the dispatch and have them call me. He had no other option or alternative for me other than some how getting a hold of "dispatch" to call me. He assured me he will have "dispatch" call me as soon as he was able to reach them. After hanging up the phone, I waited another 15 minutes but no one called. I tried calling the # again but no one answered. To this date, I have not heard from anyone from your company. Not wanting to be late for my flight, I caught an Uber an hour later and went to the airport.Their customer service, lack of care and follow through was pathetic. I can understand occasionally missing a scheduled pick up, it happens and I get it. What is not acceptable is to leave a customer stranded without the slightest courtesy to call and explain to them what happened. Maybe one dissatisfied customer means nothing to them...But As I read the reviews, they have more than one unhappy customer. Again, this is NOT about the extra money I had to pay to get to the airport, this is about being stranded and feeling neglected as a paying customer.'