b"I worked here as a nurse and am amazed that this facility is still licensed. 1- the nursing staff is largely incompetent. In December a simple test on medications was administered to the LPNs & RNs - of the 100+ nursing staff who took the exam, less than 5 passed on the first try. 2. Ive witnessed patients fall and injure themselves and the nursing staff lie about the incidents. Falls are underreported so that the facility's reporting metrics look good.  3. The nurses pull medications for 7-10patients at a time so that they can administer meds more efficiently. This practice is highly unsafe and has resulted in many patients receiving the wrong medications. Again, serious incidents that go unreported4. There's a patient holding room known as 'respiratory holding' that has no restroom or call light for patients to use. This 'room' is NOT a licensed bed, yet patients are often placed here until actual patient rooms become available5. Since 12/14 Ive known of over 10 patients who acquired infections while at Harmon. Infections ranging from influenza, pneumonia, MRSA and C. Diff. This is likely do the poor infection control procedures. Physicians and nursing staff are often seen in & out of isolation rooms without the proper protective equipment. Additionally, equipment such as glucometers (used to check blood glucose levels) are often placed on patients' beds and tables and rarely cleansed from taken from room to room - a huge source of transmission for hospital acquired infections6. The nurse /patient ratio has been as bad as 10 patients to one nurse. This is highly unsafe and results in nurses taking shortcuts to provide care. Patients arent regularly assed by nurses or physicians. Patients complain often about Dr. Tu as her bedside manner is poor, as well as her diction. Harmon hires a lot of foreign trained medical staff and the language barriers are often the source of many patient complaints.     7. Nurses falsify documentation regarding care the care they've allegedly rendered. Ive witnessed this each day I worked at this facility. Complaints to administration falls on deaf ears, as many of the charge nurses are largely inexperienced and incompetent. The culture at this facility is one that shames and punishes staff who report unsafe and dangerous conditions. 8. When it rains the water leaks from the ceiling and in some of the rooms you can see and smell mold. 9. Patients develop pressure ulcers because they arent being repositioned as often as they should and as often as nurses document. 10. On several occasions I witnesses rapid responses and code blues, that resulted in patient deaths, largely because: the staff on the Rapid Response Team (RRT) had no idea they were on the team and so they didnt respond and because no one could locate a crash cart. 11. Harmon outsources its physical therapy department thru a company called Relliant. The therapist are great, but the nursing staff leaves much to be desired12. The administrators and physicians are verbally and sometimes physically abusive with staff. This culture makes it impossible for the nursing staff to feel comfortable voicing safety concerns13. A nurse was once fired because he thought it was ok to reuse the same needle on different patients. This was likely not reported by administration because it wouldve availed them to CMS and state investigations, as well as potential litigation from affected patients. Ive reported all incidents where I was mandated to do so. But what happens is patients and their family members rarely complain and when they do, they complain in-house and those complaints fall on deaf ears. As you read other reviews on this facility you'll hear of the unfortunate situations where a patient came to Harmon for rehab, but left in a body bag. I wish more families asked more questions and requested autopsies for family members who die in facilities such as this. Complaints about nursing care and physicians should be made to the hospital administration AND the appropriate investigatory agency. If patients and family members dont report these egregious acts then facilities such as Harmon will be allowed to remain open and your loved one will continue to sustain injuries or death"