b'Horrible. Horrible. Horrible experience. This has been my worst experience with a hotel in Vegas. Parking is $12 a day, I parked at the Venetian for free and walked about a mile, in through harrahs and in through the linq. It\'s worth it. The elevators in the parking structure at the flamingo are super slow and skip floors, it seems longer when the weather is 111. The lines are suuuuuuuper long and slow. The second night we stayed the power went out in the casino for 5 hours, we had no wifi but they still charged the resort fee for it. The outage caused the check in line to get backed up more than it already was, it was probably about a 2 hour wait just to check in. Hey at least they were handing out mini water bottles for the wait. We stayed in the " King studio" room, it was an older style room. Basic amenities, basic room, the air conditioner only cooled the living room area and kept the room warm. We upgraded to the "Mini Go Suite" TOTALLY WORTH the extra fee, you\'ll thank me for it. The only problem with the room was again, the air conditioner. We left the room around 4 PM and left it at a cool 65 degrees, we came back and it was 75 degrees! No one told me there was a sensor on it, and stopped pumping cool air once you left the room. I called the front desk, and it took about 2 hours to get a technician up to our room. Very nice guy, he bypassed the sensor so our air could keep cool. Our tv remote wasnt working, I requested a battery twice, it never came. Oh and let\'s not forget the fire alarm going off at 3 am and recieving a message on the loud speaker at 4 am indicating it was a false alarm. Lastly make sure you check your statement if you\'re using the kiosk, they over charged me for the wifi, which is included with the resort fee. They told my I had more than two devices logged in, which I didnt the only devices used was my phone and my boyfriends phone. I wanted to give the flamingo a shot, but I would never stay here again, choose the linq next door, the rooms are much nicer and the service is quick and easy.'