b'I was sent to Vision Source South Hills for a second opinion. I enjoyed my appointments with Dr. Strain and found her to be knowledgable and attentive. However, I was incredibly displeased with how I was treated by the staff. I went through my vision insurance with a staff member and assumed this information was added to my file. I called a month or so later to order contacts and was told I could not pay for the contacts when I came and picked them up; I needed to pay for them over the phone. I have never paid for contacts before picking them up before but I figured it wasn\'t a big deal, just differences between offices. Once I got the statement for my order, I realized that they had charged me the full amount and not run anything through my insurance company. I called back and was met with no answers, saying they would call me back later. They never did, so I called back again and finally learned that my vision insurance had never been added to my file. After going through my information a second time, they then assured me they would file a claim with my insurance company and I would receive a check soon. Never once in this back and forth did anyone from the staff apologize or recognize that they had made a mistake. In fact, everyone I talked to seemed more agitated that they now had to reprocess the claim. A month later, I received my refund along with an updated billing statement. Amongst the revised patient/insurance payment was a statement describing why the revision was necessary. It read: "patient originally did not say to use insurance and paid in full for contacts-decided a few days later she would like us to bill vsp and refund her the remaining balance". This is the first medical establishment I have come in contact with that required me to advise them of my desire to use my medical insurance. Professional medical establishments run benefit checks and inform the customer of their costs prior to performing the service. While I feel Dr. Strain is a highly qualified ophthalmologist, I am exceedingly disappointed in the professionalism and efficiency of the office staff. At this point, I do not see myself returning in the future.'