b"Wife and I have been going to Abuelos for years, so when we feel like Mexican food there was no other place we considered. We like it so much we drive out of our way to eat there. We frequent Abuelos where ever we find them including but not limited Phoenix, Chandler and Kansas City MO. So for my wife and I to give a 1 star should hopefully get the attention of the owners. We were extremely disappointed with the food and lack of service during our last few visits to the Chandler location. I would bet on it that the management were not there yesterday during our visit because there was a lack luster attention to service period. We arrived at 330pm, to find 3 seated tables and a bunch of staff some making eye contact with us as we stood there waiting to be seated. As we stood in the lobby waiting to be seated for 10mins, I turned around to walk out before my wife waved down a waiter who noticed us when we first walked in to seat us. The host was no where to be found but did show as the waiter grabbed the menus. Out of the corner of my eye the host gave our waiter a dirty look, yes I did see that rudeness coming from the host with long black hair. I'm kinda glad someone decided to do her job. But after the food and service, I should have went with my gut feeling and walked out. After all, going to eat at the odd hour has its chance of being served leftover dried out food, but I felt Abuelos was a different place to eat, NOT SO.  The Pasta La Paz my favorite was lacking sauce, the chicken was dried up leftovers from lunch and had been placed under the salamander to heat then left on the counter to cool to less than room temp when served. My wife's fajitas tacos where not fajita stips but chopped up leftover beef from the lunch. We pushed out empty drink glasses to the edge of the table for refills which finally got filled after 15mins. We could not wait to get out of there, we are so disappointed since we loved this place so much. We started noticing this on the last few visits, when we have ate there during off hours. Sadly,  I won't spend another $40 to find out if they have change, that was our purpose for our recent visit. We enjoyed our multiple monthly visits to Abuelos, but that will not be the case any longer. Hope this helps improve on what once was a great experiences for us."