b'If only NO STARS!! I have never received this level of rude service, this takes the cake as number 1 worst experience.  By the way the couple to my left were not of the African American descent and receiving a better service. The couple to the right of me noticed the same as they were also receiving rude service.  I can understand a bad day but this was ridiculous. I walked away not eating and vowing never to come back. Horrible service and mishandling of the food.   My fiancee and I decided to walk across the street from the Hard Rock Hotel and noticed Johnny Rockets to grab a quick bit. We weren\'t greeted but still sat down at the counter to eat, still no greet but luckily there was a menu available. So we waited about ten minutes as I observed three servers on shift. Finally, the gentlemen server approaches the couple next to us and says "I see no one took your order yet" it was pretty rude but true. After he took their order, I asked "can I please place my order as well as I\'ve been waiting,he replied "I\'ll try". He then takes the order and walks away to the back. So we waited another 10 minutes, I ask the tall waitress with red hair "can I please get a water" she gets it and slams it down. The couple next to us asked for their drinks and the waitress said "I didn\'t take your order so what do you want". So about another 15 minutes passed, in that time I observed the cook on his phone and then heading back to the grill without washing hands, bacon that wasn\'t properly cooked from a previous order placed on another order. I didn\'t walk away then. So I wanted to check the status of my order so I asked another server (short female w/black hair)about my order, she went to check and came back to say "who assisted you" I described the gentlemen with the glasses. She asked him about the order and he replied "transfer the checks, I\'m out". To hear that upset me, I spoke my frustration  to the wrong employee. The female with the short hair was very polite and I felt bad that she had to deal with the rude service I was receiving.'