b'Ordered delivery, came the first time but was missing condiments, the sour cream for my baked potato and utensils. Called them, the manager said they will resend, but after 1 hr of waiting, it still did not appear. Called them 3 times, but they were closed so no one picked up my calls hence I called customer centre. The girl was prompt to connect me to the store and the manager said that apparently they did but "someone\'s husband answered the door declining the sour cream"..... I HAVE NO HUSBAND!! As a result, because they were closed at the time, they can\'t send me my sour cream so they will resend my entire order to me the next day, I even made sure to ask that they will get everything perfect right? And the manager said of course. The next day (which is today), they did as they promised, BUT AGAIN NO SOUR CREAM OR UTENSILS OR CONDIMENTS. By now, I\'m really upset that this happened twice. I call the restaurant again (this was around 8pm today) and the manager again promised to send my sour cream out for me. Never happened. Called the restaurant after 1 hr of waiting and like the previous day, no one picked up my call (but this time the restaurant wasn\'t closed yet, they were still open for another 30 mins). Once again, I called customer centre, after explaining what happened, the girl tried to connect me to the restaurant twice, but no one picked up so said she will rush out my order for me and leave a note for the restaurant to call them back about compensation to me. About 30 mins later, I got a call from customer centre saying something about either a rush out or a $5 credit and how I can\'t have both. So I said I have no idea what you\'re talking about so she connected me to the restaurant, and they picked up! However, the manager was very rude in dealing with me, he was yelling about how they were very busy as it was a Friday night and that his TWO delivery guys were out for delivery for TWO HOURS (it has been 2 hrs since I made the call to the restaurant about my still missing sour cream). I told him that he should give me some compensation in addition to my sour cream, and he got upset, asking me what I want. As I was very upset at my missing sour cream and his rude attitude, I replied, would you give me whatever request I made, and he said to be fair with him. He told me to give him a break, but as a customer I told him that it was his duty to fulfill the order I put in perfectly. He apologized, not very nicely though mind you, but said he can\'t do anything cuz there are no drivers at that time, BUT THEN a driver came back. So I have FINALLY GOTTEN MY SOUR CREAM after 48 hrs. Unbelievable.'