b"I have been going to this restaurant on and off since we moved into the Richmond Hill area 16 years ago. Tonight on our way back from the hospital and being Labour Day we thought we would call them to see if they were open. So I got Siri going and got the number. I dialed it and asked if they were open. The lady on the phone said that they were very busy and that I should make a reservation. I did and off we went. When we got there the first clue that something was amiss was that the place was nearly deserted and they could not find my reservation. We took our seat and proceeded to order. Not five minutes into this and we get a call from a local number, it was the first restaurant we called wondering where we were. As it turns out the owners of Cynthia's created a tangent restaurant called Cynthia's Paradise and put it literally right next door. Talk about confusing your market. Given the way the night was going to unfurl we should have packed up and gone next door.I ordered the Hot and Sour Soup to start. This is one of my favourites and when I looked at the $4.95 price tag I assumed we were going to get a bowl big enough to share. When it came I got this little golden globe before me which revealed inside an even smaller ceramic bowl which if it held 1 cup of soup I would have been amazed. The soup was adequate. It has a nice balance of all the flavours I am used to but in no way was this worth 5 dollars. I mean for just one dollar more at another chinese restaurant I got a bowl of soup so large that it would have filled that little bowl before me 20 times over. What really drove the point home though was the little tiny $3.50 Egg Roll and the 2 HarGow for $4.50. This place was way over priced. So maybe the service was going to be exceptional. I mean, there were more people on the floor, behind the counter and that could be seen in the kitchen than there were patrons sitting at the tables. The 2 HarGow came one at a time in the tiniest steam boxes I have ever seen. We ordered Moo Shu Pork, Chinese Broccoli and the House Special Fried Rice. The food took way longer to get to us than was comfortable for me but taste wise it was very good. Far too expensive but very good. Ended the meal with the Deep Fried Creme Brulee and with a 13% tip the meal came out to $94.75.Frankly I can think of a number of places that I would like to spend that kind of money for 2 people. Cynthia's Chinese Restaurant is no longer one of those. As a comparison the meal at Cynthia's Paradise would have cost $54 for two people all you can eat. I will do a review of Paradise when I go there but this place will never see another dime from me."