b'A week after sending an email to Flamingo concerning a very disappointing experience at the resort, I have yet to hear from anyone regarding the matter.  Just one more strike against the Flamingo.  Below was my original post concerning Flamingo.We travel to Vegas a few times a year, and after many years of avoiding it, we decided to give Flamingo another try.  After another less than fantastic experience, we can say that location and value were the only things we found appealing about our stay at Flamingo.  Neither of factors are appealing enough to get us to return to Flamingo.  If traveling with a teen, the pool is basically non existent because of the fact that there is a 21+ pool and a pool for kids and those with kids.  The under 21 pool is small and overflowing with 5 to 8 year olds; definitely not a welcoming sight for adults or teens.  The dining options at Flamingo are lacking in comparison with other resorts, however, its location makes it easy to access the better food options in the area.  The AC unit in our room was not working upon arrival.  It took us a night to realize this because we spent most of the day after arriving on Fremont St.  When we notified guest services of the discomfort in our room, "Thanks for letting us know," was the response we were first given.  After prodding them, they agreed to send someone to the room to try to fix it.  This didn\'t happen.  When checking out, we reiterated our displeasure with the conditions and their lack of attending to it, and we were told that we didn\'t bring it to their attention because it was not recorded in their computer.  In the end, we were comped the resort fee for one night out of four ($28).  Absolutely an unacceptable resolution to the situation.  After telling them that we were displeased with their attempt, or rather their lack of attempt, at resolving the issue, they told us that if we have problems in our next stay at the Flamingo, to let them know right away; again implying that we did not notify them of the problems to begin with.  We quickly informed them that we would not be staying with them again, and they seemed to have absolutely no problem with that.  I highly recommend thinking twice before staying at Flamingo.'