b"I don't even want to give one star but you can't post if you don't mark anything so against my better judgement, one star, under protest, it will be.I have to say I will NEVER go back to this place again!!!! I don't know if management has changed but I can tell you that the service here has been continuously declining over the past year and TONIGHT was the W-O-R-S-T!!!! They definitely need to have 2 people behind the sushi bar because the one person thing just doesn't cut it. Even when the place is almost empty, it takes FOREVER to get your sushi. We've lived in Goodyear now for almost 7 yrs, meaning when we first moved to this side of the valley there were no restaurants, especially sushi places until the last 3 yrs maybe. When this place first opened we were so excited because it was much closer to home, at the time the service was excellent and fast, and the quality and quantity was worth the price. Forget that! You'd be better off going to the grocery store and buying their sushi. We ordered a total of 4, count them, 4 rolls tonight. The first roll was delivered rather quickly. Nice surprise, however it wasn't one of the ones I had ordered so I waited patiently. The second roll, again, not one that I had ordered was delivered probably within the next 5-10 minutes later. Wow, we thought. Service seems a little better than last time. BIG MISTAKE FOR THINKING THAT!!!!!!!! Holy crap, sat waiting for almost another 30-35 minutes watching all these other orders going out for people who came in some time AFTER, yes I said AFTER, we did but not our 2 measly rolls. We also had to be our own server when it came to refilling our drink. Server never came back to refill so I got up and refilled our drinks myself. Too bad we didn't order alcohol because i would have gone back to get that as well. I finally decided I had had enough and we got up to leave. When I was approaching the female server to ask for a bill for the sushi we did get and explain the situation she walked right by me like I was invisible or something. She came past me a second time and when I started to speak to her, she ignored me and walked over to a table that was cancelling an order because it was taking too long for them as well. When she walked past me the 3rd time and ignored me I happened to mention in a loud voice that I must be standing there for my health or something. Finally I walked over to the curtain that they have to divide the register, kitchen and hall to bathrooms from the dining area and told the lady we wanted to cancel our order, wanted the bill for what we got and that we would never come back again because service was so horrible. She said OK thank you, so we walked out. Hey, wait a minute, I think they owe me money since I had to play waitress. You know, we love, and I mean love sushi but I'd rather have to drive out of the way to a place where I know we will get service promptly and with a smile even if the place is packed to the gills, no pun intended"