b'Awful customer service... AWFUL. Like I don\'t care about your safety awful.  DO NOT STAY HERE FIND ANOTHER PLACE IN DOWNTOWN VEGAS. I stayed here last year for Punk Rock Bowling we figured it might be a cheaper Golden Nugget since it still had a pool and the place was huge. Boy, was I in for a surprise. I reserved a smoking room, a friend of mine also had another smoking room. We both got there at the same time since we carpooled. We get non smoking rooms. We ask why their reply "We already filled up the smoking rooms we only have non smoking". Ok then why have us reserve anything in the first place.... kinda annoying but whatever we can smoke in the casino I guess right?Rooms are whatever, at least they look kinda cleanish but what does that matter when we\'re out partying all night and just using using the room to sleep and nurse our hangovers just do it all over again.Second day I wake up to a banging and the sound of a door jiggling. I think maybe its my hotel roomie half awake/ still drunk trying to get in. When I get up I notice she\'s passed out in her bed too. The room next door is banging on the door that connects our room and TRYING TO OPEN IT. WHAT THE HELL!? Call management. They go in and talk to the other room which denies it. I ask to have my room changed. I tell them I don\'t feel safe. "Sorry we can\'t do that". What about my belongings I ask.. "there\'s a safe by the bathroom" Thanks... its about the size of an iPhone... The issues with the room next door continue. Its not funny anymore and I\'m genuinely scared to be in my own hotel room. I ask a friend to stay with us and tell him what was going on. We call management again. We all talk about it AGAIN. I tell them how unhappy and unsafe I feel in this room. I get denied another room AGAIN.Our last day.It happens again. This time our friend gets up and sternly tell them to stop. Goes outside and knocks on their door to try and see what is going on. Nothing happens but we can hear movement from next door. It doesn\'t happen anymore. I finally get home happy that I don\'t have to fear for my life anymore when I go to sleep and what do I see on my credit card bill.. an additional fee from Plaza Hotel. I call and ask what it was about. " Management saw you with an additional person in the room." ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!? YES, BECAUSE YOU ASSHOLES DIDN\'T DO SHIT ABOUT 2 GIRLS BEING HARASSED EVERY DAY IN YOUR HOTEL. After a couple of minutes going back and forth and speaking to one manager then another I\'ve officially had it and Im tired of repeating the same story. They have no record of what happened with the room next door and the times that we spoke to management. But some how they know that our friend stayed with us because we felt scared to be alone. Charged me the extra money so that I could feel safe in your piece of shit hotel because YOU didn\'t do anything about it. Thanks Plaza. I hope you get shut down. You\'re a huge waste of space and judging by everyone else\'s reviews I\'m not the only person that thinks you guys suck.'