b'We had our daughter\'s birthday party at Uptown Jungle today. I would have to say of all the places we have had birthday parties this was by far the worst experience. Our party was from 1-3. When confirming the details of the party we discussed with the party planner the strategy needed in order for us to set up some of our own decorations. She stated that we should arrive 15 minutes early so we could get it done in time, we just needed to let the people working the party counter know what we were doing. Today we arrived 20 minutes early. We were ignored (along with 2 other groups) for the first 10-15 minutes of us standing there with decorations and balloons in hand, hard to miss us. We finally got service and at that time were told that we would be able to have the party room at 2pm and the kids would be jumping from 1-2 then from 2:30-3. We were now stuck with our party decorations for 1 hour, and had no clue that would be our party room time. They tried to accommodate and gave us a room cart to store our belongings on until it was our time for the room. My mother, who was now livid, went over and talked to the manager. He told her that we already new what time we would have the room and it was communicated via email to us prior to the party. After receiving this information I pulled up the emails sent to me and talked with the manager. I asked him to show me where in the emails is stated that we would have the party room at 2pm and I do not appreciate basically being called a liar. He showed me on the email where it states "Your party has 90 minutes of playtime and 30 minutes in the party room." I said I understood how the time would be allotted, but it doesn\'t state when the party room would be ours. I said according to what was just told to us was we would get to play for 60 minutes, the party room for 30 minutes, and finish with 30 minutes of play. He said no you get 90 minutes of play, then 30 minutes in the party room. I asked how this was possible if our play time started at 1 and the room was ours at 2, that\'s only 60 minutes. He was not following. He then went to the computer and checked and said our party room time would be at 2:30. I told him to go check the paper where the young woman wrote down 2pm not 2:30. After a little bit of back and forth in a civil manner he stated that the previous weekend. He had the same issue. I stated that the issue would be solved if the wording was "you will start out with 90 minutes of play followed by 30 minutes of the party room." This would have solved the entire issue. I would have known ahead of time when we would have the room and I could have let the elderly guests we had arrive later into the party.Once this was all taken care of we were off to the party. The place is too packed. I understand wanting to make as much money as possible, to have the place as packed as it is was very unsafe. They need to have a certain head count then stop people from coming in until a later time. Since you can continue to buy more time it is imperative to keep track of how many people are there. The kids that supervise the area do not do a very good job. This is the 4th time we have been to this location and every time it is the same thing. No supervision, older kids being too rough with the young kids, and too many people for anyone to truly supervise. During our 90 minutes of play there is no offering of beverages to the kids as they are playing. With the amount of money you pay for a party there is no reason free carafes of water are not offered to the birthday party guests. Instead we spent an additional $60 to have beverages for the children and parents in our party.During the party session we found the rooms to be extremely uncomfortable and warm. The girl helping with the party was not much help. We ended up serving most of the pizza to our guests along with the beverages. She was very helpful with serving the cake though which I feel was only because she wanted to hurry it along.  30 minutes is NOT enough time to eat, open gifts and have cake. The manager told my mom he suggests gifts be opened at home. Why wouldn\'t the birthday child open their gifts in front of the guests? Once you are in the party room it is just a rushed and stressful situation because of the "time limit".  The plusses are the facility is great for kids 11 and under. There is a lot for them to do and have fun in an indoor environment to help keep them cool while being active.'