b'I went to the Rogers and Hollands store in West Towne Mall in Madison this afternoon at around 2:30pm. My visit started out fine, but ended so unpleasantly that I was still feeling completely distraught an hour after I walked out the store.I brought one white gold chain and a necklace with broken clasp to the store for estimate and repair. The manager (I did not take down her name) was informative. We spent 15 minutes discussing options and I settled on trading in my old chain and purchasing a more "substantial" chain from the store. The manager was with me on the traction up to the point where I swiped my card, signed the receipt, and waited for my receipt to be printed. She called her assistant and instructed the assistant to continue with me. She herself went to take care of another customer. The customer was a gentleman in Harley Davidson jacket, who came in the store shortly after me. Apparently they knew each other since the manager was frequently chatting with him while working on my transaction.The experience went downhill from there. The assistant was on the computer for a good half an hour. First she had to re-enter my info (either my info was not saved due to the hurried leave of the manager, or she did not know how to pull it out), then she had a hard time figuring out how to fill out the estimate form. In between she had to answer incoming calls and put me on hold. The assistant was very genuine and apologetic. Finally the receipt for the chain I purchased was ready. I read the receipt and saw the return policy, so I asked her what would happen to the trade-in chain should I decide to return the chain. She said we\'d have to talk with the mangager.I was already on the edge of being late for my appointment, so at the moment I decided to "abandon" the estimate for the necklace repair and reverse the transaction on the chain. The assistant said, "Oh, for that we would need the manager as well." I asked whether she could get the manager for me, "I just need 5 minutes from her to reverse the transaction because I really need to leave soon."The assistant went to the manager, who was almost done with the gentleman. I very calmly stated, "I was here first, I have been waiting for long and I really need to go. Please reverse the transaction on the chain so I can leave." The manager reluctantly came over and asked me what happened. I briefly explained and assured her, "I really need to be somewhere soon. I will come back some other time and purchase the chain, but now please reverse the transaction." She finally started the return process, I swiped my card, signed the receipt, and she printed out the receipt.Just one second before she was about to hand me the printed receipt, she looked down and said out loud, "Why is there a phone on the desk blinking?" She picked up the phone--she just had to pick up the phone right before she could hand me the receipt--and started answering it, "Sorry for putting you on hold, we had a distraction here." After she said that, she brought her hand over the counter and gave me the receipt without even looking at me. This moment was so upsetting to me that I almost wanted to cancel my appointment, sit down, and talk with her about why I cancelled the transaction and her unprofessional (and almost vengeful) handling of the situation. However, being the non-confrontational type of person, I did not do anything. I just took the receipt and said, "I am not a distraction." Of course the manager pretended to be busy on the phone and not hear me. I hope she learns and improves.I am still very troubled by the experience. The manager could have completed the transaction with me as a common courtsey. She could have done better recovering the sale. She definitely did not need to be so MEAN to a customer who decided to reverse a transaction due to her inefficient and ineffective management. I hope she learns and improves.'