b"I rarely leave Yelp reviews, but I HAVE to leave one for this place. I generally give local businesses more leeway in terms of not being on top of everything since they are often still figuring things out (vs. a large corporation), but this place was just horrible that I felt I need to warn people. I've gotten a lot of massages across many different cities around the US & around the world, and this was by far the worst experience I've ever had. I received a Groupon to Fairmount Massage as a gift & when I tried to book it, it was SO hard to contact Elena. I called at least 10 times over 2 weeks, left 5 voicemails (she never called back), and eventually messaged a fellow Yelper that had left a recent review to see if she could talk to her when she went to her next appointment. I also contacted Groupon to see if they could get in touch with her. After all of this, I finally get a call 2 weeks later from Elena asking if I want to book a massage. I finally booked my appointment. A little annoyed a this point, but I figured the worst is over so I can just look forward to my massage. A few days later, I get a call asking if I can move my appointment because she mixed up her schedule. I know things can happen in any business, so I told her no problem and we rescheduled for a day that worked for her. (she was not very nice or apologetic unfortunately...) Then the day that we had scheduled the massage finally came. I left my house & started driving to my appointment and 10 minutes before my appointment (my house is 30 minutes away from the massage place), she calls me to cancel the appointment! She tells me that she will give me an extra 30 minutes of massage as an apology, so I said ok (even though I essentially had wasted 40 minutes driving there and back). So I called back a few days later, rescheduled the appointment, and went in for my massage. The place itself is not great. The massage bed is a portable massage table so it moves a fair amount when you get massaged. The massage itself was ok. Not bad, but not great. My Groupon was for 60 minutes, but she had told me previously when she canceled that I would get an extra 30 minutes of massage for the inconvenience (which I confirmed when I made the appointment). After 60 minutes of massaging, she said I was done and I reminded her about the cancellation and about the 30 minutes. She said she can't do it & to come back another time! Given how much work it was to even get to the original appointment, I was not about to waste another minute trying to book a massage with Elena yet again. Now I have a free 30 minute massage card with her but instead, I am writing this review so everyone can save themselves and find another place to get a massage. This was such a colossal waste of time."