b'I went to the Hualapai Location at Destination Spa.At first I was excited about giving this a try as to help boost my energy levels to help with motivation to reduce a little poundage I\'ve been trying to lose. I purchased a groupon for "Let\'s Wrap" figured give it a go. I was treated by Susan Cintron. Mind you this is my first exposure to something like this so I had no idea as to what to expect or what goes on with this. Susan\'s demeanor comes across as brash, hard, and firm. It was a little uncomfortable for my liking. She did mention she gives people one chance and that she is a good judge of a person\'s character. To me that was a bit uncalled for to say. I would prefer a kinder, more nurturing demeanor, as it was I was in unknown territory not knowing what to expect in a session. She did mention I was doing good for my first time because I was on a high setting than usual for most. I thought I felt okay given what I knew or didn\'t know about having a wrap session. Well, a couple of days pass and I developed blisters on my right thigh. Then it turned into a 3" raised hard circle of skin. There was oozing and scabbing that started forming. I wasn\'t able to wear any pants that would be tight on the thigh because of this horrible formation and open sore(very bad burn- 3rd degree). When I was finally able to get back to the Spa to inform them of what happened apparently the owners were not interested in even looking at the pics of what happened. When I went in the spa manager on shift at that time was empathetic and showed concern. I did speak to another wrap technician, Heather, she couldn\'t apologize enough and she graciously returned my money for the future wraps I was going to do, that I had purchased at the time of my first visit. Heather had mentioned this has never happened with her clients wrap sessions before and she offered a free wrap but unfortunately I\'ve been scarred from what happened and am too afraid to try this again. It was also discovered that Susan has only been doing wraps for a very short time. Supposedly, Susan is to be retrained in doing wraps. Also, as a special note Susan is good friends with the owner, John\'s wife and has said that she doesn\'t like dealing with John as much as she does with his wife, whatever that\'s suppose to mean. In my opinion, the owners of "Let\'s Wrap" seem incompetent with their response to this matter. If I had it to do over again, after meeting with Heather, I would have gone to her. She has more experience. In my opinion give Heather a try she seems more focused. Allowing friendship to rule over safety is unacceptable when it comes to health and well-being. In my opinion it is an unsafe environment!'