b"WARNING: don't speak Chinese,  expect to get no service. They prefer to serve Chinese speaking customers. I'm Chinese,  but I'm born here so I don't speak it well. Got no service. Actually I got bad service. If i could give this place a ZERO STAR I would. And I see myself as a veey fair reviewer and rarely give a 1 star to restaurants. But this place just broke that record for the worst service and lack of organization. First of all, Good luck getting served here if you speak English and not Chinese or remotely look Chinese. We waited 20min for any server to give us service once we got  seated ... that's actually kind of ridiculous. My friend and I didn't speak Chinese we spoke English which got us less service as the waiting staff didn't want to give us eye contact. What are we? ALIENS or something? I thinking living in Canada you need to know English as a language no? We literally had to flag someone to give us some attention 2x before they actually took our order. Secondly, when my order came it was missing parts to it (I.e. the sauce bowl that came with the plate was empty) took us another 10 minutes to flag someone to let them know they gave me an empty sauce bowl. The waitress took it to the back kitchen and then came back with my meal 5 minutes later. Once my meal was plopped in front of me, I then begin to notice a HUUUUGE LONG piece of pewbby hair on my rice (notice on the photo I am attaching with this review). I was so disappointed and now disgusted with my order I don't even know how we continued to wait here and eat. My friend was hungry so we toughed this one out and stayed. Finally all our orders came but after a long wait. I felt that after I complained about the long disgusting piece of hair in my meal, all they did was pick it out with their finger and plopped it back on my table. GROSS!!!! I didn't eat my rice at this point. By the time we finished our meal we realized they didn't even serve us our soup which came with our meal. This is literally an hour later they didn't even think to check if they got our order right or wrong. Here I am frustrated with this nasty place. Service is horrible and kitchen is possibly dirty. Please do not go here unless you want to be ignored and not get any service at all. I'm a very fair reviewer but when your restaurant gives bad service to paying customers, I think someone has to speak up and say something otherwise restaurants that are run badly will continue to run badly because they don't know. I won't be coming here again. I'll be going back to my favorite one which is NEW CITY located literally beside blue ocean restaurant. This place gets a ZERO star from me if it was even possible. Fix your customer service weather you are a small restaurant or a large restaurant. Otherwise you will get bad reviews for treating your customers badly. Dining should always be a good experience especially if your a paying customer to eat at such a place."