b'I went to this Rita\'s location on April 3. I had a buy 1 get 1 free coupon for my birthday so my husband, daughter, and I got in the car and drove 15 minutes to the store. I ordered 2 regular gelatis (listed on their sign as $3.30) and a kid-sized custard (I didn\'t see the price but I\'m guessing it\'s less than a regular gelati). I asked the girl for lids so I could take them home. She didn\'t have any lids for the regular sized gelatis, so she dropped the regular size cup into a large size cup so she could put a large lid on it. I handed her my buy 1 get 1 coupon and she then rang me up. As she was pressing buttons on the register I heard her say "a large gelati..." I reminded her that I didn\'t get a large gelati, I got a regular and then she plopped the regular cup into the large cup so that she could put a lid on it. She said "oh yeah... That\'s what I meant to say." Yet she didn\'t fix it on the register... She said my total was $9.03!! I asked again if she has charged me for a regular gelati and rang up my coupon and she didn\'t seem to get it... $9.03 was obviously way too high. My husband and toddler were in the car waiting and I could tell this girl was never going to understand what I was saying, so I paid and left. On the drive home I regretted not insisting she fix the price... The only reason we had driven 15 mins was because of the coupon. I emailed the store as soon as I got home. I explained what had happened. I thought maybe the manager of the store would at least send me a coupon for my free gelati I was supposed to get to begin with. That was over a week ago and I have not gotten a reply.My husband and I are huge Rita\'s fans. When we lived in Ohio we went there just about every week. Our local Rita\'s in OH was amazing. They sent us buy 1 get 1 free coupons every single month, and the staff were very friendly. We moved to Las Vegas 3 years ago and this is the first time I\'ve gotten a coupon from this location even though we signed up on their email list. We\'ve also had issues with their Italian ice being extremely soupy from this location, even on cooler days. We will never go to this Rita\'s again.'