b"Hey, I love the Vig Arcadia. I would go there all the time if it was closer. Great food, cool place, good atmosphere, and the best band on Sunday. I even had my birthday party there, with people driving all the way from Gilbert and Queen Creek.  I like the Vig McCormick ranch, same great food and cool atmosphere but still a bit of a drive. I was so excited there was a Vig being built right in my neighborhood. I watched the construction progress on my way to and fro work. I told my friends who didn't know about the Vig how awesome it was and how excited I was to have one close. It was going to be my number one go to place.  I have been going to Local Bistro, Modern Sports Grill in DC ranch and Isabell's. Now there would e a Vig which is closer and better.I went to the Vig and it was ok, I figured they had just opened and they were still hiring and getting organized.  I went  again. Food was great, bummer no band due to Scottsdale rules but DJ is nice. Service ok but its busy on a Friday. I went again, food great as always but service still lacking. I figured its just busy. At this point I had gone 4 Friday nights in a row. Its close great food and I have always loved the Vig. I don't get why I have to wait so long to get a drink at the bar. I don't understand why once I get a drink, I'm not offered a refill or second round. I'm trying to unwind on a Friday night, I don't want to have to work to get the bartenders attention to get a drink. Ok had my cocktails, now time for dinner. The food has always been great. Good taste, good variety on the menu, priced fair. Why does it take so long to put in my dinner order? If I have been there 5-7 times, I have had to wait to order too long maybe 5 times. The food comes out quickly enough and luckily its good since the wait staff doesn't check back. My friends and coworkers know I go out to eat quite a bit. I am often asked for recommendations, I had said to go to the Vig but I feel I can't recommend it anymore. If anything I would say to go somewhere else. I fell like the McDowell Mountain Ranch location has been open long enough to be running smoothly but its not apparent in the bartenders and wait staff.  Please get better with your service. I want to love this Vig as much as the others but its getting hard. I work hard for the money I spend at the Vig and don't like feeling unappreciated as a customer."