b"Robuchon was the first 3-star michelin my wife and I had been to (Daniel in NYC only recently attaining their third star).  However, it paled in comparison to many of the 2-starred venues.  The prices are obscene first of all - about double what I've grown accustomed to paying for a  similar experience (even the champagne).  Not to mention, the bites and bubbles menu at Guy Savoy we had tackled two nights prior was MUCH more affordable and more enjoyable.Our standard 5 course menu began with what was really  an oversized amuse bouche, a chopped apple with spices served in a glass wrapped with pictures of apples.  Good but not worthy of being called an appetizer.  The next dish was cold, shaved foie gras and thin slices of black truffles arranged in a salad.  The truffle slices were old or improperly stored and had absolutely no flavor.  I absolutely love truffles and should have sent it back; huge disappointment.  The foie gras was excellent however.  The main courses were a boring fish cooked in a unneccesarily huge iron pot and some wagyu steak.  The quality of the steak was amazing, much like the one time I've had authentic prime wagyu before where I was charged far less for the pleasure.  The one saving grace of the meal was dessert..  The presentation of a shiny, glittery ball that melted upon contact with a warm sauce was spectacular.  The dessert trolley offered a wide selection of expertly prepared mignardises.  The free take-home box of chocolates was a nice touch.    Service was great but not exceptional and the tables were packed too closely.  Overall, Robuchon is hardly deserving of 3 michelin stars based on our one experience, though your mileage may vary .  I feel that it was all style over substance and that may be fine for fashion bu not for food.  At half the price, I'd have been more forgiving (3-4 stars), but I felt cheated and given the many other excellent restaurants in Vegas, I don't feel there's any reason to visit Robuchon.  And I say this having gone in with a very positive attitutide after dining at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon in Paris, which was exceptional all around.  If you do go to Robuchon, my one piece of advice is to go a la cart, which I didn't realize was an option and seemed almost reasonable."