b'So I put off writing this review for a couple months because I was kind of pissed. I want to be fair. We will start with the good stuff.We stayed here back in June 2017. We, my husband and I, were going to Las Vegas for combination of Honeymoon and my husbands 40th Birthday. We invited some friends to join us. We ended up with about 20 of us there. We didnt all stay at the Flamingo. Only 6 of us did. Others stayed in time shares and other hotels. We are platinum members so we got to skip the long line, That was great. We chose the Flamingo because it was iconic. We knew it was a bit older and less expensive so we really were prepared for less fancy than other places. We were ok with that. Good thing too since our mini suite was quite run down and not very clean. Housekeeping obviously needs some training. But we didnt really mind. We had the Birthday party at Carlos and Charlies with all 20 of us. It was great and our waiter , Jason, was the best. We rented a cabana at the Go pool which was pretty nice but the mister in the cabana didnt work and just dripped water all over our stuff. Between my Husband and I and the rest of our party we spent many thousands of dollars. We had saved so we could do anything and everything we wanted and we did. It was great. At the point of getting our bags out of the room and heading down to check out I probably would have given them 4 stars. Quite pleased with the experience to this point....And that was the point where we discovered that the staff at The Flamingo did not want us to have happy memories. At the check out kiosk we discovered a charge of just over a thousand dollars that we didnt understand. We went to the front desk and were told that someone in housekeeping had gone into our room and noticed sleeping bags and enough luggage for about 6 extra people. -First of all, our do not disturb sign was up the entire time so no one was supposed to go in there at all.-  I told her that was a lie and we wouldnt pay it. She went in the back to talk to a manager and came out with out the manager and with no solution. She called housekeeping and was told the supervisor was not available but that they had pictures to prove it. I asked to see the pictures. They never could supply them. We had to leave to catch a plane but didnt pay. We had agreed with the front desk lady that it would be left as pending until the problem was resolved. After weeks of calling and getting no returned phone calls. Total run around. They never supplied us with pictures. It was a horrible experience. We found out we could contact Ceasars Customer Service so we did. They did call us back and said the charge had been removed. No sorry, No admitting they had made a mistake. It was more like just take it off to get us to shut up. So we dropped it because the charge was removed but never made happy. We will stay at Ceasars properties but never at the Flamingo again.I hope  it was worth it for you -Flamingo- to try to screw us out of $1000 because I can promise that no one in our 20 person party, many of which are Las Vegas regulars, or anyone any of us ever talk to about it will stay at your hotel. Ceasars is lucky that we love their other properties so much, especially Paris.'