b"So,if you are thinking of eating here but haven't gone to any one of the other acclaimed steakhouses in Las Vegas, I'd highly recommend you go elsewhere.  This place was a disappointment from beginning to end for us.First thing you need to know is that if you look at the menu, the only place the word prime shows up is in the title.  The steaks are not prime.  And they definitely do not taste like prime steaks.  They may have prime steaks on the menu, but unless it specifically says it is, it ain't.  Secondly, the service here sucks.  No sugar coating here.  I don't want people to make the same mistake I made and eat here when there is definitely much better in this town.  Go elsewhere for good service, or at least average service.Well, hopefully I've dissuaded you.  If not, or if you just like reading about poor dinners like watching a car accident, read on.  We ordered the crabcakes.  And this is where the problems started.  We dutifully split it in half as usual, I began eating and noted it was good, then I bit into a crab shell.  Wow, that hasn't happened to me at any decent restaurant and I've had my share of crabcakes.  Disappointed but willing to overlook this, I bit into another piece of shell.  I'm paying a pretty decent sum for a crabcake that isn't remarkable in any way, and I'm biting into shells?  Unbelievable.Next up, the salads.  Except we didn't order salads.  They were for the table next to us.  With some horror I realized that our steaks and another table's salads were on the sam f-ing cart, but they served their salad first!  I don't think they do that kind of thing at a Black Angus, much less a restaurant that claims to be a top steakhouse.  Horrified but willing to ignore the two insults already suffered, we got our steaks and sides after a bit of a pause.  My steak was ok.  18 oz bone-in ribeye.  The sauces weren't special but I'm not much of a sauce guy.  However, if you are going to pride yourself on your sauces, it should generate some interest from me.  Sides were decent.  Truffled mash potatoes were creamy, creamed spinach was what I expected.  I didn't much enjoy the bread though.  I got a pretzel roll that was extremely salty.  And then the final insult.  We finished our steaks, and waited a long time for our waiter to come back, but we didn't see him again.  The second cleaned up and brought us out the dessert menu, but that took quite some time.  At this point I hadn't seen our waiter in so long I assumed he actually left.  I thought that was incredibly rude to do that without turning the table over to someone.  Why are we ordering dessert still?  I wanted to give this place a chance to right the wrongs.  After ordering the crepe suzette (17 layers!), we waited a long time for our dessert.  A real long time.  And after finishing what I thought was a good dessert, we waited a long time for our check.  At this point our waiter returned!  We hadn't seen him since we ordered.  Apparently he had been taking care of another table.  He didn't tell us this, which would have alleviated a lot of the insult I felt by this time.  He cleared our dessert and we wanted no more of this restaurant.  It took a full 15 minutes for him to bring us our checks.  By this point we were angry.  We got here at about 6:45, and it was now 9:15.  So we spent an equal amount of time being seated, ordering and eating as we did waiting on our dessert and paying our check.  I won't be back here when there is so much better in town."