b'NEVER TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!This place is a complete rip-off and has the WORST customer service I have EVER come across.We went there and asked what package we needed in order to have the interior of our new car cleaned out. (not shampooed, just the seated sprayed off and wiped) We were told to get the $39.00 VIP package, and it would take care of cleaning off the front and back seats. Not only did the wash on the outside look horrible, they barely wiped down the front seats, doors, and dash, they also didnt wipe anything in the back. I had to argue with the manager for almost 10 minutes about wiping down the back, that took him a whole 2 minutes to do, and it was still so half-assed that I had to do it myself once I took the car home. We paid $39 for what would have been the same wash as the $7 was.I had then taken my car in for detail since I had received a detail job certificate from a friend a couple weeks prior to this fiasco, and being there are no refunds on detail jobs, I had to take it in or lose the money. So, this past weekend, it went in. They took 5 hours to detail the car. I was expecting it to take between 3-4 like they had originally told me, but, that was just the start of the frustration. I paid to have the car detailed with a clay bar to remove swirl marks and find scratches. There are now more swirl marks on my car than when it went in, not all of the wax was removed, so I had to use my microfiber cloths to remove it myself, I specifically said that I DIDNT want any armorall or leather conditioner on my interior, and to just clay bar the outside, they didnt listen to that, so I spent 30 minutes wiping greasy armorall off my interior and leather. I told the manager that I was completely dissatisfied with the job that was done, he refused to give me any money back and said I would have to bring it back for them to do the job again. I will NOT take my car back to have more damage done for another 5 hour job. I could have purchased the stuff to do the job myself in about 2 hours of time and had it done right.Please head this warning and DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE! terrible wash, and even worse customer service.'