b'Okay, we all know this restaurant is a love child of the most celebrated chef in America, Thomas Keller.  It is expensive, but not more expensive than the other upscale restaurants in the Palazzo/Venetian complex.  We also know this is Mr. Keller\'s "bistro" play, it has been much documented.  And I love French bistro food, my favorite kind on earth.  So 2 stars?  Here\'s why:Service: At these prices you expect excellent service.  We had two tables of 8 each, next to each other, and all I can say is that the service was no better than what you would hope to receive at a Chili\'s.  Timing was off, smiles were rare, it took forever to deliver a glass of cranberry juice to the one person not drinking wine.  Clean-up was either too early or too late.  Just a mess.  Unacceptable at a restaurant of this rep.Food:  Yes, pommes frites are a staple of bistros, and Bouchon is known for theirs, but the volume of fries was overwhelming.  At the end of the meal we all sat looking around and laughing at the endless piles of frites that nobody could finish.  I had a flatiron steak, asked for it medium rare, it arrived well done.  I could have sent it back, but given the service I didn\'t want to chance it, so chewed (and chewed and chewed) it down.  Steak quality was mediocre.  Had a endive/watercress salad that truly was nothing special.  The walnut vinaigrette did nothing to enhance the bitter endive, think it made it worse.  Ostensibly there was some Roquefort cheese in the salad, but about 4 little nibbles, added nothing to the rest of the salad - disintegrated.  I know times are tight, but this is a double digit priced salad, c\'mon.  Nobody raved about their entree, in fact, I think people were expecting something special and kind of stared at what was delivered.Wine:  A pretty fair list, and while not reasonably priced, I\'ve seen more outrageous pricing elsewhere.  But it was predictable, mainly French, with a nice representation from the major regions, but nothing unique or intriguing.  Very safe list.  If this is a bistro there should be some more fun, and less pricey, bistro-y choices like Cru Bourgeois from Bordeaux, a longer list of Provencal wines, some unique choices from Cali.  I could have put this list together in my sleep, and the sommelier and wine service was pretty sleepy and sloppy as well.I\'ve been here for breakfast/brunch, and I guess this is their speciality, it was super, a 4 or maybe 5 star breakfast, love that.  But for dinner?  A disappointment.  This restaurant needs an overhaul.'