b'It seems this Lenscrafters has two account, so I don\'t mind post on both. Their policy(30 days adjustment guarantee) is great and the specialists are professional and nice. However, the managers(a man and a woman) are terrible. I deeply felt I was treated unfair and discriminated either because of my race, or because the purpose of my visit was to fix the glasses\'s problems.Instead of fixing the problem of the eye glasses they provided, the male manager would prefer to spend time on getting new customers. I went to Lenscrafters to fix a problem of my new glasses and unfortunately it was a busy day for them. He said to me that he would recommend me to come another day because they were busy. Before and after he said this to me, he didn\'t say the same words to all other customers who needed to get a new glasses or to pick up a glasses. He quickly assigned them (many people came after me) to specialists\' tables and let me wait at the shopping area for 30 minutes. Was that because I was Asian, or because he didn\'t taking my request(fixing the problem of the glasses) seriously? Both.What the female manager only cared about was getting you out of there as quick as she can and getting more customers. The third time I went there to pick up an adjusted glasses, the female manager assigned me to a specialist\'s table. I had been waiting for 20mins at the table, which I thought it was totally ok because they were busy. However, when a specialist finally came to me and started to help me to adjust my glasses, the female manager came to talk to the specialist right away and said "after you get this done, I want you to go to another table." She pointed at the table where two white female customers JUST CAME 1 minute ago. That specialist hadn\'t even started helping me yet and I could sense that he felt awkward, too. He was nice and tried his best to adjust my glasses. During this time, the female manager came twice to our table to rush him go to another table to serve the white ladies. I ignored her and kept talking with the specialist about my glasses. I needed to get my glasses adjusted right since that was the second time to fix this problem. The female manager kept standing 1 meter away from our table and starring at us the whole time. I guess to this female manager, white customers were more important, their time was more valuable and they should not be waiting for a "long" time. Therefore she believed that she could rudely and frequently interrupt the service I was receiving and ask the specialist who was helping me to quickly get my part done and to run to help the white customers. If this wasn\'t her logic, I didn\'t know what her logic was.I wouldn\'t go to Lenscrafters again. Terrible experience.'