b'Dirty mexican food...THE UP-SIDE:The food is decent and will definitely fill you up.THE DOWN-SIDE:This place is downright unsanitary at times.  I\'ve witnessed the person behind the counter rub their coworker\'s neck (greasy curls falling all over their gloves) and then turn to make my burrito; touching my food with the same gloves.  At other times, I\'ve watched them drag the burrito across the counter top, pulling whatever germs were there along with "my food."  On yet another occasion, I witnessed them pulling up a container from behind a burrito belonging to a customer in front of me.  The container dropped a bunch of dirty water onto it.  Needless to say, I watch really carefully now when they make my food.  Also, this location has a few girls working here that are damn annoying; always yelling and laughing to the point of irritation.THE SUM-IT-UP:Good food but HIGHLY unsanitary at times.  Roll the dice...UPDATE MONTH\'S LATER:  I decided to lower my guard and go here today.  What a mistake.  I ordered the 4 crunchy tacos.  And, where every other decent Chipotle will fill each taco separately - as they indeed should - this one took it to the opposite extreme.  The girl behind the counter was lazy and indifferent. She plopped each of the salsa\'s on top of the shells, not in them.  By the time she was about to put the lettuce on that I had asked for, I had to stop her.  I said, "Stop.  Please.  You\'ve completely covered the shells.  I can\'t even see them any longer.  You\'ve done nothing but make a giant mess that I have to fix up if I\'m going to eat a taco that has something in it."She got all huffy like, "Well, I never!"  Too bad.  If nobody tells her that her absolute laziness is making a mess of my meal, she will never change.  (And by the way - it was not busy at the time. In fact, it was nearly dead in there.  She had no good excuse.)I\'ll never eat at this sh#thole Chipotle again.  The others aren\'t so bad, but this location truly - truly - just doesn\'t give a damn.'