b"I read several reviews and noticed a pattern, the highest reviews  came from those with a nostalgic history with this valley institution. Having lived in the valley for most of my life I appreciate the sentimentality.  BUT!  It is important to separate nostalgia from reality, especially when others rely on your opinion when making dinner plans.I've lived in the Valley for a good long time- more than 40 years.  I've been to Jordan's more times than I can count.  As a child, this was one of many local Mexican food restaurants we visited- others being El Maya, Don Jose's, Rosa's, Rosita's, George's Ole, and others.  As an adult, part of my enjoyment was the old-fashioned, retro atmosphere- the genuine Naugahyde seats, dark wrought iron, old-school environment.  I was even OK with the smooth taco sauce in lieu of chopped and chunky salsa.  I tend to stick with the old-school combo plate- taco, enchilada, tostada type combos when I visit.My last two visits have occurred in the last year- most recently in November.  The experiences were almost identical- disappointing.  It was as if someone in the kitchen had just given up.  The taco meat was not really seasoned, very bland, and the shell tasted as if they went and picked up a package at the grocery instead of making their own.  The enchilada was rather oily.  Food was warm, not hot.  Service was friendly but scarce- my drink sat empty more than once.The visit in November is likely my last.  I drive by this location at least 3 times a week, and remember wistfully the days when the the food was piping hot, shredded beef well seasoned and the entire taco fresh out of the cooker- crispy and delicious.   There are too many good Mexican food places in town, and even for the memories that walking into this places conjures up, I cannot see myself coming back anytime soon.  I'll keep my eyes open for an upturn in Yelp reviews, particularly from those who are trying it for the first time.As another reviewer said- be forewarned.  You run a great risk of being disappointed."