b'UPDATE 7/10/2016:  While the food remains good, something has happened to the service. I have been going to this location for over 20 years and the line never moved as slowly as it did today. There were very few people in line when I walked in but it was quite a while before anyone asked for my order. Both the people in front of me and behind me in line commented they had also never seen the line move so slowly, and they were also long-time customers.I tried to figure it out since I counted five staff members on the line; one on the grill, one handling drinks and shakes (which left her just standing there most of the time), one putting the condiments on the orders, one at the register, and one handling the fries and onion rings. The only thing I could think of was the staff was new. One person looked vaguely familiar but other than that I didn\'t recognize anyone, and another person said "I\'ve never seen these people before." The employees weren\'t horsing around; everything just moved very, very slowly.Because I drove in from so far away I hung in there until I got my order, but if I lived closer I would have been long gone.  I don\'t like downgrading my initial positive review but I think management needs to be aware they have a customer service issue--at least they had one today around 6:00-7:00 p.m.......................................................................Ted\'s in Tempe has been a favorite of mine since the early 90\'s.  Though currently residing in Queen Creek, it\'s worth the trip now and then for a delicious, charbroiled jumbo all beef dog.  So many places come and go, but it\'s great that Ted\'s has been at the same location for years. Hope they remain for a long, long time.11/8/09: Found myself at Ted\'s again today [along with a few other times since posting this review].  Same great dogs, and this time got the fries and onion rings--so good. Same quick service too. So glad to see their business is booming during these less-than-great economic times. Long Live Ted\'s !!!01/07/2014 - Ted\'s still delivers the goods. Since I live in San Tan Valley now (we formerly borrowed Queen Creek\'s name) I don\'t get out there often, though have been there a few times since the last update). Today I ordered the jumbo all beef, fries and onion rings, as always--and as always, it was delicious. Thanks Ted\'s!'