b'Visited Compadres for the first time yesterday with a friend who was in from out of town -- we both love Mexican food and the Yelp reviews were good so thought we\'d give it a try. We arrived around 12:30, and the place was not super packed but obviously busy. The decor was sparse but nice and fairly modern. We were greeted twice promptly, and told we\'d be seated momentarily, which we were. Free chips and salsa were delivered -- my companion noted that the chips seemed like Doritos without any of the cheese or Cool Ranch flavoring on them, as they were perfect triangles and there was nothing special about them. The two "salsas" that came with the chips were flavorful but super watery, with no chunks of veggies or even any thickness to them -- when you dipped your chip, liquid just ran off and nothing stuck. Blah. Our server (not sure of his name -- on the receipt, it only said "Server") had the personality of a wall: not friendly, barely smiled, and had no recommendations whatsoever. We each ordered a margarita, and were asked if we wanted a small ($6.50) or large ($9.00). When we asked about the size difference, he couldn\'t explain it with either words (ounces) OR his hands (???) so we decided to just try the small size. VERY disappointing -- the glass was FULL of ice cubes, and I literally think I took about five medium-sized sips before it was gone. Also, it tasted mostly like water, with very little lime flavor and clearly less alcohol. For $6.50 it was a MAJOR ripoff. On to the food. Between the two of us, we ordered the tableside guacamole, one plate of three tacos, and one plate of a tostada and a taco. The tableside guacamole was made by a VERY sweet and friendly woman (maybe one of the owners?) who chatted with us through the making of it -- her bright personality was pretty much the only redeeming part of the whole meal. The guac was yummy, and we loved that it was customizable (you got to choose which of about six extra ingredients were mixed in), but it was made with only a single avocado and a few mix-ins and not worth the $8.49 price tag -- we were not even offered any extra chips beyond those already served with our "salsas." When the tacos and tostada were delivered, I was shocked: my friend\'s tostada was a normal size and looked tasty, but the tacos were TINY, maybe 4" across (at least 2-3" less than a "normal" corn tortilla). The filling was decent (I ordered one steak, one campechanos, and one pastor), but nothing to write home about. Our server checked in with us a few times during the meal, but made it seem like it was an inconvenience for him, plus never took any of our empties off the table or asked me if I wanted a second margarita (perhaps he couldn\'t see that it was empty due to ALL THE ICE STILL IN THE GLASS). He gave us our check before we were even done eating, and rushed us out at the end of our meal (even though the place was nearly empty by then) which was quite disappointing. I can\'t recommend this place, and I won\'t be back.'