b'So lets begin with the fact that this review is due to the performance of a single employee at this location who ruined the entire experience. a few friends and I came in to grab a quick and delicious meal at what has always been one of my favorite little places. got in just before the rush, which is always nice.everything was fine until we reached the condiments section of the building process. the young lady has no sense of any kind of listening skills.My fiance asked for hot salsa, cheese and guacamole... instead he got lettuce... i don\'t know on what planet lettuce and guacamole sound the same but whatever, maybe its because they are the same color.... when we cried out "no!!!\'" the young woman looked up at us, she rolled her eyes at me and said "what?" thats what you ordered." I looked at her and said, "no, he said guacamole." and the dialogue continued...chipotle girl- "do you want me to take it off?"fiance -"yes please that would be great"CG- "there its off" (still a mountain of lettuce covering the majority of the burrito)fiance - "can you please get at least the big pieces off please? or could you maybe remake it?"instead of removing the rest or just simply remaking the item she literally takes guacamole and covers the remaining lettuce and rolls the burrito closed.CG - "its fine the way it is"Last time i check its not your call as to if its "fine" or not. another girl standing on the line next to her made a face to me as if to say "oh my god i\'m sorry she\'s crazy"the problem associate then with a fierce attitude tossed the item into a basket and almost knocked it off of the counter.I\'ve literally NEVER has a worse experience from any other establishment. the manager on duty was busy so i chose not to bother her - the restaurant was beginning to fill and i didn\'t want to take away from anyone else\'s experience.In closing I\'m pretty sure mouthing off to a customer isn\'t in the chipotle employee handbook... our entire group was completely taken aback by the complete disregard for any kind of professionalism. I know it seems silly but I was really upset by it.'