b'Don\'t really care what Gados from the radio says, I could have done it better myself.  Painted the rest of the house myself but had a baby on the way so I thought I would go with the AZ Painting Company to save some time on the remainder.  I had used them before to paint my garage door, front door and fix a crack in the garage ceiling.  They came out and gave me a quote on the living room and nursery, even said they would fix the garage ceiling from the last time they did it because it looked so bad.  $850, roughly 700 sq. ft.  They told me it would take one day and they would have 2 crews.  Guy showed up the first day by himself and 3.5 hours late without any idea of the job he was supposed to do and with an attitude.  Obviously, he could not do it all.  He painted just the nursery that day and was here until 8 pm.  Next time I scheduled them for 9:30 am and stressed I don\'t get home from work until then. The contractors came out 3 hours early and had to wait on me to get home from work (I work midnights).  These guys had no idea they even had to paint the living room and just thought they were painting the garage.  They didn\'t bring the right equip to retexture the garage, because once again they had no idea they were doing it, and had to go buy a hopper. They had to come back a third time to finish the inside.  Well upon inspection of the living room I noticed all kinds of light spots where they didn\'t cover the wall right and they didn\'t even remove the outlet covers or vent covers, just did a horrible job cutting in around them.  A Real rush job.  Called the company and the guy came out again to fix the light spots.  He did not fix them correctly.  Now I have a front living room where if you look at it from a 45 degree it looks like a novice first attempt at painting by a beginner and a garage ceiling that doesn\'t look much better than before.  They knocked $250 off the price but I believe in opportunity cost, the foregone cost of my time.  Even boarded my dog an extra day and took a couple hours vacation from work.  Taking 4 days to get it done wrong instead of the quoted one to do it right isn\'t even what bothers me the most, it\'s the complete lack of communication, scheduling and knowledge of what they were supposed to be doing!  I will be repainting the front living room myself and looking elsewhere if I need further "professional painting".'