b'Start off by saying I gave 2 stars because there were some good things, so I\'ll start with the positives:As a former bartender I enjoy showing support & dine at the bar when I go out. When we walked in, it was pretty dead, but because the menu had a lot to offer, and the hostess was sweet, we decided to take a seat at the bar. There were 3 Female bartenders & 2 Male bartenders. A bartender greeted us right away, she had long black hair & made a very good White Russian, which surprisingly so many people mess up, so we were excited for our meals. We ordered Buffalo Chix Dip, and a Mac & Cheese Flatbread, which came out in under 10 minutes. I really do hate leaving bad reviews, but I really had too....The female bartenders were super friendly and gorgeous, but acted extremely inappropriate and immature. It was about 7pm, and dead..... and the bartenders were the loudest there, "twerking" on each other, as there are couples trying to enjoy their meals.... Awkward- girl come on you\'re gorgeous have some class. Not to mention, as they were having fun doing that... we were patiently waiting to order some food, which is when a male bartender took our order as he saw us waiting.I finished my White Russian before my meal even came, and the food was out in about 6 minutes after we ordered it in, but tasted rushed and awful....The Buffalo Dip tasted like complete ONIONS. It was super super chunky and the cheese was not melted all the way..The Mac & Cheese Flatbread looked amazing, but i picked up a slice to a soggy thin piece of dough, but the bottom was burnt.... This had been our second meal all day, so we ate it. During the entire time of my meal, I was not offered a second drink. The girls were on the other side of the bar where it was empty, taking selfies, and twerking. FINALLY!!! The red hair chick who is extremely gorgeous by the way finally comes and leans against the bar, as I went to make eye contact with her and ask for another drink, she lets bout 3 huge BURPS! (BELCHES). I was mid meal, and disgusted... Really girl c\'mon have some class people are eating... so I didn\'t even bother asking.Meal is over, and then a blonde female bartender asks if I want another drink AFTER our meal is finished and plates are stacked... We politely decline, and she walks away seeing cleared dirty plates. The male bartender comes over, and we ask for our check, he runs our cards, comes back for us to sign. As he was cleaning our place, he did not bother to ask how our meals were, which I would have politelty told him my review personally instead of writing a bad one online. Even worse, as we get up from the chair never said a word. AWFUL SERVICE, and I would not recommend this place to anyone. Its sad you\'re located right in the EpiCentre, and run such a poor establishment like that. Hope to hear of improvement to get me to try it again.'