b'If you wanted to make an embodiment of all the stereotypes that are wrong with the fitness industry, that embodiment would be LA Fitness.We have had a number of issues with LA Fitness. To keep this short we were lied to about personal training contracts which set off a cascade of events.  We had personal training for a year with LA.  When that expired we went to cancel our training and were told, at the time of signing, that we could use any banked sessions after canceling.  The personal training manager at the gym on Riverview (Peter) told us this was not the case and to prevent our 16 banked sessions from expiring 30 days later we could change our contract to one session per month.  We did.  After that we could never get in with our trainer.  We would show up to discover that he was working with someone else, we would schedule times with him and then they would mysteriously fall off the schedule, and we even noticed that we were being charged for sessions with other trainers that we didn\'t book.  We believe that Peter was filling our trainer\'s schedule with new clients and pushing us off since we were on our way out. When talking to Peter he was sure to inform us of his salary and that to keep his position he needs to keep his body fat under a certain percentage.I spoke with James T. (VP of Personal Training) and we worked out a deal.  We were refunded some of the sessions we had banked and could keep the balance without them expiring.  We had to take a few months off of lifting due to an injury so this was a great arrangement.When we went to use the sessions we were told they had expired.  I contacted James to get them back.  After four weeks and five voice messages James never called me back.  I emailed the customer service email and they eventually called me.  They only gave me 3 sessions back.  I told them this was unacceptable as we should have had 4 and that I would not allow them to just steal the session.  I then received a call from the Regional Operations Manager for Phoenix.  He agreed to refund us for the one session that was still in dispute.We went to the gym on Stapley/University to use our three sessions.  We were very specific about what we wanted.  All we needed at this time was help to perfect squat and deadlift form.  We were told that Joseph is the guy for that.  We scheduled a time to work with Joseph.  We showed up as scheduled and the front desk informed us that he doesn\'t work at that time.  We checked the schedule in the app to find out that somebody moved our appointment with Joseph from a saturday to a thursday without contacting us.  We then rescheduled a time with Joseph.When we met Joseph for our session he very arrogently and aggressively scolded me for asking him to only help us with form. "That\'s not how training works, if you\'re going to work out with me I\'m going to make your plan and you\'re going to do what I say."  We spoke with the manager and he told me we could either work out with Joseph or not, but that we would be charged for the session.  We were very specific when we scheduled the session that we did not want him to make a plan and that all we needed was help with our form.  I chose not to challenge this because I was tired of having to speak with people in upper management to resolve issues caused in the gym and this was the third strike for LA Fitness.  We were charged the session and we will simply allow the last two sessions to go unused rather than giving LA another opportunity to disappoint us.  We have canceled our membership and will work out at a different gym moving forward.Throughout our time at LA Fitness we have been treated as a bank for which to remove money.  The service has been terrible, we have been continually lied to, being scolded and talked down to by a person whom I paid $100 per hour to work out with was the last straw.  I will not miss LA Fitness.  My best recommendation is to avoid LA Fitness.'