b'there are some restaurants i frequent where i will order different things on the menu every time i go; chipotle is not one of those places. i get the same order every. single. time. i know what it should taste like because i have eaten the same thing at many different locations for several years. that\'s the beauty of chain restaurants, right? consistency and familiarity in a potentially unfamiliar place? i\'ve been coming to this location off and on for the last year or so and it has been consistency disappointing.often times i will get a burrito bowl to go and take it home to eat it since i am LITERALLY 4 streets away. this might be a weird thing to look forward to, but when I get a to go order, i like that when i get to the place i am eating at, the steam from the hot food has melted the cheese inside the container. however, at this chipotle, i have to actually put my food in the microwave to heat it up because it was never that warm to begin with. how is it even possible for my food to be so luke warm when i am only traveling a few minutes away? in addition, almost every time i\'ve gone to this particular location, there has been a to go order being made when i arrived. of course this is not chipotle\'s fault, but every time that\'s happened, i have been completely ignored to make the order. no greeting, no "we\'ll be with you in a minute", just employees pretending i don\'t exist until their 15 burrito to go order has been completed. why can\'t you let me order quickly in between? i know exactly what i want; it will take 30 seconds. my favorite is when no one has even arrived to pick it up by the time i have waited, gone through the line, paid and left. why are you rushing to make food for customers who aren\'t even RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU ALREADY? i am also then fully aware that i am getting the bottom of the pan food because the fresher stuff has been used for customers who aren\'t even there yet.chipotle, i have loved you for many years now, but i just can\'t go to this location anymore.'