b'We got this on Hotwire, as neither of us would have paid money to the racist blowhard namesake.I have to say, though, that being at a hotel that isn\'t part of the party-circuit, with no casino and no screaming drunk people was a relief.  We had a car, so we could drive everywhere.  Without a car, it is a schlepp.Everyone who worked here was super-nice.  You have to flip an electronic switch if you want cleaning, and we didn\'t know that. Our cleaning lady (Hispanic--and not a rapist, murderer or drug-dealer, maybe Trump should actually meet some diverse people before he gives his next speech) kept an eye out for our return, to tell us they hadn\'t done the room because we hadn\'t hit the button, and to bring us extra towels and coffee.  That was so thoughtful!  We ordered room-service once, and they let us order things off the restaurant menu that weren\'t on the roomservice menu, and the delivery guy was so lovely, setting us a beautiful table by the window.  They also had a warming box, so things were delivered quite warm.  Unfortunately my omelet, which I asked them to cook lightly ("please don\'t overcook") was very overcooked, and my friend\'s $6 bagels probably got their start in a Lenders bag.The hotel is, on a surface-level, very luxurious.  I loved the quiet-calm of the lobby, especially after being in other hotels to see shows.  What a relief!  Unfortunately, our room, on the 58th floor, wasn\'t soundproof enough to keep the trains out of it, and I was woken up every night, around 4 in the morning.That said, there\'s this weird discrepancy between the posh surface and the cheapness under the veneer.  There was stuff on the windowsill being held in place with plastic tape, labels that hadn\'t been completely removed from the sides of furniture (that you could only see from the tub) and a general sense of ethereality that made the veneer feel false.  The "kitchenette" had granite counter-tops and 2-element, flat stovetop, didn\'t include a single pan, knife, plate, or any instrument for cooking. (You can call housekeeping to request items, but who, really, is going to call?  It makes it almost impossible to cook because, say, you forget to ask for a \xc2\xbc teaspoon, and then have to wait for half an hour?) There was water damage inside the empty drawers.'