b'My husband and I have had lunch here twice.  On our first visit, we were totally annoyed with the waiter who apparently did not want to accept the fact that my husband and I did not want cocktails with our lunch.  He repeatedly asked us about drinks and we repeatedly said, "No, thank you."  We ordered an array of appetizers for lunch which were all quite good.  When they arrived, again he brought up the subject of drinks and suggested a special margarita and said we could split it if we wanted to.  Split a drink?  Seriously?  We were not being cheap (just the array of appetizers built a pretty hefty tab) and are totally aware that when in Vegas you shell out the bucks for what you want and we have no problem with that.  We tried Mesa again on a visit last October and were relieved that this time we didn\'t get the cocktail hard-sell.  We both ordered the barbecued lamb cobb salad.  Our waiter felt the need to mention that the lamb wasn\'t really barbecued but more on the grilled side.  So, why not call it the grilled lamb cobb salad?  Not a deal breaker.  The salad was tasty although a bit mushy due to the guacamole in it.  Why not just slice or dice the avocado and keep the salad a nice consistency?  Can\'t say I just can\'t wait to get back to Vegas to go to Mesa Grill again.  We do say this about meals we have had at Todd English and Wofgang Puck where you get great quality and bang for your big bucks (after all, this IS Vegas). What I can say about this last experience is, "Bobby, please bring me the rest of my salad!"  The portion was incredibly small (about a cup full) to have been served in such a large bowl.  The large container only served to make us wonder where the rest of our salad was.  This item needs to be moved to the appetizer section.  If lamb is all that expensive, would it have hurt to at least throw in some extra greens to bulk it up a bit?   The good thing is that all during the rest of our trip, we kept laughing about this salad experience.  Bobby, we still love you but we don\'t love Mesa Grill!'