b'Was always intrigued by their "concept" of meats coming on skewers and sliced right on your plate. And this past weekend, as part of Restaurant Week, got a chance to try them out in person. Was it worth it...NoDecor : A little to dim and red for my taste. From a far it looks fine, but get closer and you notice the slight grime on tables, the even darker ambient furniture. Our chairs had nails sticking out on the edges so that was not nice! (They really outta check that coz that can injure someone)Service : Pleasant had it been a normal ala carte restaurant but the concept here mars the it down a notch. Once you\'ve tried all meats/veggie ensembles, you basically then "wait" until that particular favorite one comes by to you, which mostly doesn\'t as it would just get devoured by tables before you. And then you keep waiting more....Food : I\'d give the crazy wait a pass had the food been worth the wait. Alas it wasn\'t. The steak variety was chewy, overly rare and devoid of any seasoning. The pork was better as it came grilled/roasted with Parmesan cheese so the moisture from the cheese helped balance the dryness of the tenderloin. The sausage was average at best and can be associated with one you get from Walmart, laden with salt. The chicken legs were weirdly tiny to make you feel they may have come from ones that were malnutrition-ed!! The lamb was a best "MEAT" of the worst. It too lacked seasoning and was cooked a tad dry. But the char on the outside skin gave it the a much needed boost of flavor.Long story short - Meat varieties tragically disappointing with over cooking and gross lack of seasoning/flavors.Now the reason why this place got 2 stars instead of 1. The absolutely and sinfully sumptuous Grilled Cinnamon Pineapple!!! Take it from me, I\'m not a pineapple guy and but man o man was that  good or what!! We must\'ve had 3 courses of it and had to wait easily 10 mins between each (The hungry parties before our table gobbled them all up before it could come to us!!) but worth it.The so called "Unlimited Buffet" section has a few hits (brazilian nuts, goat cheese) but overall doesn\'t help bring up the atmosphere of average cooked meats going around.Despite being Restaurant Week, it came to be $30 pp before drinks, tip and taxes. Nopes, not worth that money. I\'d spend that kind anyday on better dining delights in Madison :)'