b'While I so wanted to love Okra, I unfortunately did not. Let me start on a positive note - I love the decor, the waitress was a total sweetheart and the fried chicken skins were excellent. However, we had some problems with our cocktail, which were never remedied. My husband, a regular vodka drinker, ordered a vodka/soda. When it arrived he took a sip because it tasted funny and asked me to taste it. I tasted it and sure enough noticed exactly what he was talking about - it tasted like tequila mixed with vodka. We informed the waitress and requested a fresh drink and she said others had complained of the same problem, but that she thinks it\'s just "the type of vodka they use." (The bar uses Titto\'s vodka, which my husband has had many times.) The waitress replaced the cocktail anyway and brought a fresh one, but when we tasted that one, it again tasted like tequila. My husband (who used to work in a bar) notified the waitress that the bar tender was likely not rinsing the measurer between measuring different liquors and she assured my husband that he does. Since were were sitting near the bar we were able to watch the bar tender make drinks and saw firsthand that he was definitely not rinsing the measuring cup between liquors and confirmed this was the cause of the tequila vodka soda. Since tequila has such a powerful flavor, it was finding its way into our vodka soda every time. We paid for the drink, but my husband could barely drink it. Now, onto the food - we ordered a seafood special which they offered for the evening. It consisted of five shrimp, some mussles and two oysters, along with a piece of bread and some pickled green beans. The cooks forgot to include my oysters along with my meal and they also left an item of another gentleman\'s dinner at my table. But the worst part of it was that the mussels were slimy and undercooked. I didn\'t send it back and just kind of stomached what I could and put aside much of it, because we had already complained about the drink and I didn\'t want to be "that customer." Like I said, I wanted to love this place. I\'m hoping for their sake they were just having an "off" night.'