b'My husband and I were excited to check this place out because it\'s a new concept in our area. We\'re also big tea drinkers so we wanted to give that a try as well. We drove up yesterday and everything was confusing from the moment we walked in. While the interiors is done well, it falls short on food, drinks, service and flow of the space. Maybe it was one of the busier days that they\'ve experienced and that made it hard to do things well but here\'s why our overall experience was not great and why it didn\'t work for us:1. FLOW/SERVICE/MODEL - as we walked in we notice that there\'s a counter and a line forming. We had to loop around the space to even get in line and as we\'re walking we notice people sitting at tables with menus and staff delivering drinks and food. So we were confused if it was table service and we should grab a table. There was no one greeting at the door or handing out menus so we decided to ask one of the runners as she was passing by. She didn\'t understand what I was asking and spoke little english. She kept telling us to sit down and then the last time I asked "if we sit can we order from the table" and she said "no" so why would we sit without ordering first, confusing. The place kept filling up and more confused faces were walking around. By this point people were realizing that tables were getting limited and then started grabbing tables for their entire parties. The problem with this model is that you\'re standing in line for 30-45 minutes, during that time people with no food or drinks are saving tables and just sitting there holding up tables while their group is in line. The people who have already ordered and not holding up tables now have no place to sit. It was a chaotic sitting room with people just hanging out saving tables and the people that needed to sit to enjoy their food had no place to do so. You get a number once you order and now you have runners also walking around very confused trying to find tables. Either don\'t over serve more than your seating capacity or have a host greeting, sitting, guiding and keeping order. The queuing also seemed backwards. You had to walk around the entire place to get in line, maybe that was the intent but seems counterintuitive to the fast casual model of ordering at the counter that\'s placed at the front of the space. Definitely lacking order and organization. Lastly, once we were done with our food a runner came around to pick up our plates but she had a tray which she needed both hands to carry, so we had to put the plates on the tray for her, not very efficient tray choice.2. FOOD/DRINKS - very disappointed with the food and teas that we ordered and felt they were very overpriced for the quality. We ordered the turkey smoked gouda croissant, fig salad, chai vanilla latte and Kenya black tea. The croissant was the better item of the four. We ordered one to share because the size of the one displayed at the counter was very large. The one delivered was half the size of the one displayed and we should\'ve ordered two. The fig salad had poor presentation, barely any dressing on it, don\'t know what part of it was the fig, maybe it was the glaze that tasted more like balsamic vinaigrette? There were cranberries, nuts and cheese on it. It was a large plate with a lot of arugula and not much more, not worth $11. The chai tea - sooo sweet, I couldn\'t finish it. The black tea came in a beautiful tea pot, but for $6 I expect a full leaf tea brew not a tea bag that\'s thrown in the pot and by the time you get to the second of third cup of tea it\'s so bitter because the bag has been brewing for longer than it should, you can\'t really finish it. Disappointing tea experience. Provide a spoon and brewing recommendations at the moment of serving your teas, especially if they\'re being served at the table. Not everybody wants the sweet sugary teas and coffees and for the prices I expect them to be on point. Would we come back and give it a second chance, possibly if the food and drinks were improved. The instagram pics alone aren\'t cutting it for us, it has to be more than beautiful, especially with the higher prices.'