b"The clinic is clean and the staff is courteous --they  have free bottles of water. Some of the technicians were pleasant and some of the doctors were pleasant. Yet, I would go across town to use another diagnostic service if I had to, here is why.Three months into the pregnancy our OBGYN spotted something unusual in on our ultrasound. It was right before Thanksgiving, so we went straight into the center so we didn't have to worry during the holiday. My healthcare insurance wasn't kicked in yet, so I had to pay everything and it is an expensive service. The technician surveyed all over the mouth area of my child, took lots of ultrasound shots and found nothing to be alarmed at. One of the doctor's came in and gave us a consult and said they couldn't find anything special, but maybe the baby had a big nose and pointed to me and said maybe it's just from dad. We were relieved, but they said come back a month later to check again. This time we went to see Dr. Elliot. We went in for the ultrasound, and this time they spotted something odd. The technician became uncomfortably quiet and told us to wait for Dr. Elliot, who didn't show up on time for our appointment. Eventually Dr. Elliot comes into the office in a rush and disheveled. He comes into his office and gets his technicians out to ask us to come to his office. He couldn't be bothered to get us himself. We sit down and he immediately tells us the bad news -- our child has a bilateral cleft lip. We were devastated to hear this, but he told us he was 97% positive the child didn't have a cleft palate. The difference between have a child with a cleft lip vs a cleft palate is wide. Cleft lip requires one, maybe two surgeries. A cleft palate takes up to two decades of surgeries.  My wife is extremely upset so I made sure the bill was paid so we can go home. Yet, the bill wasn't ready and wouldn't be ready quickly because they didn't have they didn't do their job. When eventually they did get it figured out, they called me as if I ran out on the bill. I was extremely pissed. I went back to the clinic to pay the bill and found out the Dr. charged me for a 30 minute for 80 dollars but he barely spent 10 minutes with us. I hope he doesn't bill insurance like this, to me it feels highly suspicious . After I called him out on his nonsense, he called us back and spent more time answering our questions and lowered his fee. They then scheduled us for another ultrasound, but this time my insurance was kicked in but my card had not arrived. We were told to pay anyways and they would send us the refund after three weeks they got in the information. It took them two and half months to finally send me a refund and that was after making 4-5 phone calls. Our child was born on the 9th of this month, but the doctor had his diagnosis wrong. All those expenses trips to this clinic all that time spent and he was wrong. Our child was born with a complete bilateral cleft lip and palate.  Dr. Elliot had the diagnosis very wrong. So in review.1. Clean organized office -- good enough staff.2. Extremely expensive3. Didn't have paperwork ready when we left.4. Completely missed a cleft on the first expensive ultrasound, and completely missed the cleft palate on the next two ultrasounds.5. Dr. originally overcharged me for this time. 6. Dealing with their billing department is a time sink. If anyone at Valley Perinatal wants to contact me about this review, please do. I want to talk about getting my refund for your third rate service."