b'I\'m in Phoenix for the weekend and as I\'m hooked on driving the karts at K1, I have to go check out their Phoenix track too, right?   It\'s also my buddy\'s birthday so another reason to go!    Plus I found and bought this great deal on Groupon, 2 licenses and 4 races = $44!!  LOCATION:  It\'s not on a main street so you\'ll have to zig zag through a few streets to get here.  Once you find the address you\'ll have to follow a chain-link fenced in "alley" around to the far end of this big warehouse building they\'re located in.THE STAFF: One Yelper wrote the staff was really rude.   I didn\'t get any of that.  The staff I encountered were pleasant, informative and helpful.We arrived early Saturday to avoid long wait times later in the day.   We walk in and there are only 2 other adults and 3 kids and no one had raced yet.   SWEET!   The woman at the counter said she\'d add us to this first race so we wouldn\'t have to wait.  NICE.  However for some reason she didn\'t.   The (kart master) held that race about 5 minutes waiting for our names to be added.   He even walked over to the counter a couple times to ask.   He finally sent that group out without us.   Hmm, OK.  But it\'s still early, so we\'re good.   The adult\'s race, then the kiddos and now it\'s our turn.   The kart master gives us our kart number, we walk over and settle in, or try to.   I need more leg room, can\'t slide the seat back because there\'s no adjustment lever.   I go to the kart master about this and he says "None of the karts have seat adjusters, they keep breaking them and they\'re $300 each."   WTF???   "Umm OK, can you find a kart I can fit in?"Aside from the seat adjuster issue, the kart in the first race was fine.   The kart in the 2nd race however needed some attention, mostly tires I assume.   One tire had a horrendous flat spot because it was thumpin and shaking the kart the entire race.  Plus when I\'d turn right the kart would go NOW, but when turned left, very slow to respond.    Yeah OK this made for a more challenging drive, but still.ALSO... during another race while we waited for our 2nd, they shut down the race because a kart hit the wall.   I spoke to that driver later and he said 2 of the 3 bolts holding the steering wheel came off!   WOW, no wonder he hit the wall!OVERALL: K1 Phoenix has a nice facility and track layout, but it seem with the flat-spotted tires and a steering wheel coming off, they need to get better at inspection and maintenance of the karts.   Because of this AND no seat adjustments, sorry K1, just 2 stars.'