b'My two star rating of this restaurant doesn\'t mean that the food is not good.  Instead it is suppose to expresses my disappointment after build up in my mind about this gastropub.  I would revisit for a couple of specific dishes however I\'m not one to enthusiastically  encourage anyone I know to go.My date and I went to celebrate her birthday and experience one of East 4ths signature restaurants.  I wanted to get a complete idea of the menu so I ordered the four course chefs tasting menu while she ordered the Whole Grilled Padr\xc3\xb3n Peppers and the  40 Day Dry Aged Rib Steak Frites.  Since I was driving and she was not we considered ordering a half bottle of wine until we saw the high prices of the wine, ($30+)They first brought out my Peel & Eat Gulf Shrimp and her Whole Grilled Padr\xc3\xb3n Peppers. Both were excellent although I felt it was a lot of work to peal and devein the three large, headed shrimp.  The Padr\xc3\xb3n Peppers were described as 50/50 sweet and hot like a jalapeno but the ones she had while delicious were not hot.Next they brought my Crispy Chicken Wings Confit which is one of two items that I would go back to get.  The menu said that it\'s served with roasted jalapeno but I couldn\'t find or taste any, in fact these wings didn\'t have any heat what so ever.The entrees of "40 Clove" Heirloom Garlic Roasted  1/2 Chicken and 40 Day Dry Aged Rib Steak Frites.  Presentation was wonderful and worthy of the highest complements.  The taste on the other hand was average at best.  The chicken gives the impression that you\'d get chicken roasted with 40 cloves of garlic or some other herb but other than the chicken being served inside brioche bread there was no notable garlic or herb flavor.  The steak was served as a ribeye and a separate braised rib but ended up on the fatty side.Served with my chicken was the other reason that I\'d go back, the Very Very Very Spicy Greens n\' Beans.  I\'m not considered a greens lover by any stretch but I love these!  The chili paste is balanced against the white beans.Lastly we split the Cinnamon Roll Warm Bread Pudding with vanila creme anglaise.  What seemed like an excellent concept turned out to be a terrible disappointment.  The bread pudding was more like a dry bread casserole and the the creme anglaise was presented as the dreaded "spoon push\' smear.I could go on but suffice to say if you want presentation over taste Greenhouse is your kind of choice.'