b"Too long; don't wanna read: It's average dim sum at a price well above average. Won't visit again. If you're thinking about it: do yourself a favour and walk across the street to Rosewood Chinese Cuisine. Service: 3/5Food: 2/5Atmosphere: 3.5/5Price: 1/5My friend and I went to this place for dim sum just now, 2 hours ago. It has a decent review on yelp so we decided to try it out. We ordered 8 dim sum items, which amounted to approximately $60 after tax (that's ridiculous if you've ever had dim sum anywhere. It shouldn't be more than $15 per person in most Asian places). I'd gladly fork over $30 - $40 for a decent meal, however their food can be considered average at best. Highlight dishes:- The pork and onion pancake thing wrapped in foil- that was good. I think it was about $5 or $6. A little pricey for the quantity but worth it. - We got a medium bowl of congee, crab meat and mushrooms or something, $12. Way too much starch, and I think a little heavy-handed on the MSG. I'm still chugging water. - The pan fried buns (sheng jian bao). OMFG those things were awful. Tasted undercooked, looked undercooked, and the too-thick dough didn't rise at all. Terrible. $5- Shrimp Dumplings: $5 or $6. Edible compared to the buns, even a little above average in taste, but again, not quite worth it. The other dishes weren't even memorable, just some steamed bun or dumpling with something or other. Generally things you can find anywhere, and this place is starch-heavy on EVERYTHING. The dough is always too thick, even though the filling is seasoned nicely, it gets overpowered by a mouthful of dough. Honestly there's a place across the street called Rosewood Chinese Cuisine. Dim sum is $2/dish during happy hour, and the food is so much better than here. Service: waiter looked like he didn't want to be there, mumbled the dishes' names as he put them down, so we had to ask him to repeat it. Twice. Depressing man. The only thing that prevented me from giving it 1 star is the furnishing. The wall panels are quite beautiful. And the dipping sauce, but I mixed it myself so that doesn't really count. Though another thing: Their tables are quite small, so the two of us took up 2 of the 2-person tables."