b"Korean food - 5/5 Sushi - 3/5 Service - 1/5. Awful.I've been here on three separate occasions. Each time I've come back hoping that my experience will get better, but unfortunately, this has not been the case. Let me start off by saying that the food here is grand. Probably one of the best Korean places in this part of town, and with decent sushi (of varying quality depending on what day you come/who's making it). The first time sushi was delicious and excellent, the second and third times, the rolls were sloppy and way too big and they just didn't taste that great. The place inside is really nice-looking and they have a nice way of giving you a complimentary steamed egg with your meal. How nice! The caveat to such great food and nice interior, though, is the ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE SERVICE I've received every time I've come to Gogi. The servers are totally negligent. It is so hard to flag them down, they won't refill your water, they never ask you if you need anything or check up on you, they will blatantly busy themselves doing other stuff instead of stopping by your table once, even if the restaurant is empty. It took me FOREVER to get through dining here because of the servers. First it takes them forever to come around for your drink order. Then they'll leave and 20 minutes will pass before they ask you for your food order. They'll never refill or ask you if everything's okay (had to wait for almost an hour to ask for an appetizer, during which we changed our minds). Needed extra sauce or something with our food when it came... never came. Took forever to come and give us a check, longer still to come back and get the check. TOOK ALMOST THIRTY MINUTES TO RETURN OUR CARDS TO US EVEN THOUGH THERE WAS NO ONE ELSE IN THE RESTAURANT. So I've come to hate this place because of the slow and negligent service I've experienced each time I've come here. I've never felt more ignored (sometimes blantantly, I'll make eye contact with a server and try to flag them down and they'll walk away) as a customer. If you really want great food and can stomach being treated poorly, I'll still say the food (not the sushi) is great. If not, however, take your patronage elsewhere."