b'I went into this Vivah Jewelry a few weeks ago, planning on making a quick purchase. Little did I know, this simple purchase would turn into a long drawn out adventure.This location, like all other locations, was (is?) having a 50-60% off sale. I had recently started a new job in the area and was looking to get something nice for my mom. Just a little token gift with my new salary, not exactly breaking the bank, I know.During one of my 15 minute breaks, I stopped by the store to look around. It\'s a very small store with not much area. There was a customer being helped by a saleswoman and some displays and cases. I waited patiently to be helped by the saleswoman, not interrupting them. I looked around a bit and stood off to the side. In the 5 minutes I waited, I was not looked at or acknowledge by the saleswoman. No "hi one minute" or "sorry I\'m busy". Not even a glance in my direction. I\'m a young male who doesn\'t look like he frequents shops like this, still, I felt it was terrible service and left the store annoyed. I decided to give it one more try during my lunch break. When I returned to the store, there was a different saleswoman behind the counter. She ended up being extremely nice and helpful. Honestly, I was surprised at the polar opposite of the service (or lack thereof) I had gotten earlier. I would be happy to deal with her again. I decided to buy a watch with turquoise stones on the band and left happy.When I gave it to her, my mother liked the watch very much. However, after wearing it a few times, she noticed some of the stones had fallen out and you could see glue residue on the metal. Disappointed, I was worried about returning/exchanging the watch because it was on sale and usually that means all purchases are final. I decided to call Vivah Jewelry\'s offices using the # on their website to see if I had any options. I reached their repair line and spoke with a very pleasant woman. She explained that I could return the watch to the store I got it from to have them send it in for repair. She assured me there would not be any cost in doing so.When I returned to the store to turn over the watch for repairs, the first saleswoman I had dealt with happened to be there. While she acknowledged me this time, I was the only one in the store. I told her what the repair lady had told me and gave her the watch. She then produced another from the cabinet and gave it to me. While I appreciated this, she told me that my mom should be careful not to be too rough with the watch or bang it into things. I found this somewhat insulting because I know my mom is careful with her jewelry. And even if she accidentally bumped into something, it really shouldn\'t be hard enough to dislodge stones from the band. After my experience, I am unsure about shopping at Vivah Jewelry again. Some salespeople are pleasant, some really aren\'t. And it\'s not like they\'re the only option for relatively inexpensive jewelry. Perhaps if everyone was as pleasant as the second lady I dealt with, I would be more likely to return.'