b'I am an Ubereats delivery driver.  I arrived at the restaurant at 2:48 pm and stood at the courier pickup counter.  There was a young lady running the register, and a manager with headset delegating tasks to the staff visible from my view point.  The manager walked past me numerous times, hyper focused on bags and monitors and never once glanced at me to make eye contact.  At no point did he even acknowledge my presence.  After 8 minutes of standing there, I finally locked on and said HEY, is the ubereats order ready yet?  His response to me was "You should have spoken up, I can\'t read your mind".  This response is the most unprofessional and rude interaction I have ever had at any restaurant while doing deliveries.  This man has clearly no sense of customer service, and the fact that he is a supervisor, with an entire staff of employees within earshot, is a galactic worry.  This is whom they are taking their cues from.  So, I will speak up.  Greeting customers and making eye contact with them is the very basic first steps to customer service, across all chains and brands and industries.  And customer service is the business you are in, Mr. Manager.  Your deluded belief that customers should scream at the top of their lungs to get your attention is ridiculous, especially as you\'ve closed yourself off to all interaction by talking loudly in your headset, fidgeting with bags and monitors, and basically ignoring everything human in site.  Don\'t you think that would intimidate people and make them second guess approaching you?  I have the answer, and the answer is yes.  I will never again do a food delivery at this location.  I can guarantee you I am not the only one, because often times I am pinged from 10 miles away from this restaurant to do a delivery.  Really?  There\'s nobody within 10 miles if this place that is willing to go there?  There is a reason!  Corporate needs to take a look at this franchise and consider revoking the license.  Read these yelp reviews very carefully.'