b'I have been to Fuchsia four times, all for facial treatments (no massage). The first time was a few years ago, and my treatment was pretty standard. I decided they were too far away from my home and left it at that.But recently I decided to try microdermo and did some research. Not only was Fuchsia\'s price one of the most reasonable in town, they used the diamond system, so I decided to return.First visit - HEAVY sell on the membership even before my treatment, which I understand and expect but it gets really old. My treatment goes well, although I am a little upset they do zero extractions during a microdermo facial, apparently. Heavy sell again on the membership again when I checkout. I opt to buy a special 3 treatments for $150 card. 15 minutes later I get a phone call asking if I can return to the store. They apparently gave me the wrong card. I tell them I am already two far away. I was slightly shocked they would ask me to return to correct their mistake. Oh well. Second visit - The air conditioner is not working. IN JULY. It\'s not horrible, but it is unpleasant enough that they opt to keep the door open while I get my treatment, which I find slightly strange and not very relaxing. I wish they had called me and asked to re-schedule. When I check out this time I receive the big sell on products. Again, I expect this, but it\'s still annoying. The products I am shown are very expensive ($65 mask, for example) and I politely decline. No samples are offered. I leave feeling and looking like I have a sunburn and still look that way the next day. I figure it must be working and this is normal. Third visit - Explain the sunburn feeling from the second visit and am told this is normal because they have "gone up" on my microdermo handle/wand/tool thing. At checkout another sell on the membership because now I am out of treatments on the card I had purchased. I tell them I will think about. I then got a sell on product, but this time they offered samples. I happily take my product sample and the membership brochure and am on my merry way. However, now I am worried that my treatment was either bad the 1st and 3rd time, or bad the 2nd time, because I do not feel or look sunburned. So which time(s) did I get ripped off?The front office ladies (possibly also the owners?) are very friendly and nice and seem to know members names, etc. However, they are always a bit disorganized (making appointments over the phone is always a little taxing) and heavy on sell of memberships, extra treatments, products, sparkly things they sell in the store. And frankly, I don\'t blame them. They want to make money! Bottom line - I don\'t think my treatments were consistent and they are too far away from me, so I am not sure I will return. If you are interested in a membership (at least 12 months) and you find a good person there who you can trust, it\'s probably a great deal. I, however, will probably continue my search.'