b"In town for business and excited to try out tako based on the reviews. Unfortunately, the service or lack thereof, soured our party on everything. First of all when we inquired about a table, we were told there was nothing available for the rest of the night inside. Not a big deal, we put our name in the waitlist for outside. Once seated, we waited for several minutes before a server came to take our order. Once we placed our orders, it was easily 20 minutes before our drinks arrived. Our drinks were simple, a house margarita and a can of ginger ale. This seemed like a long time to wait for such a simple order.We had also placed our dinner order and when we ordered our drinks. Our server never came back to check on us or to even advise us if our food was near to being ready. We're were a party of four and We each ordered tacos. At the 40 minute mark, still no entrees in sight it began to pour down rain. First of all, a 40 minute wait for tacos is ludicrous. Running from the rain, We brought our drinks inside and miraculously there were tables available, when we had been told earlier that the inside was booked for the entire evening.Our food showed up immediately, as we were seated upstairs. One of my colleagues posted a review in yelp as we were sitting down with our food, regarding the lackluster service. within minutes of it being posted, the manager came to our table to make sure that everything was okay. If our server had just been even half as quick to check in with us even once, maybe our reviews would've been much more positive. At that point, we were just happy to have our food after such a long wait. The true kicker though was the manager catching one of my colleagues on the way out. He told my colleague that her friend's review upset him.  What???? Many restaurants will offer some sort of compensation for such a bad experience. Maybe a free round of drinks or a coupon for a return visit. Nothing of the sort was offered. We were the ones that should've been and were upset. To be honest, my review on the service alone would be one star. I'm just bumping to two stars because the al pastor tacos were some of the best I've had."