b"Got me again flamingo!!!! Enticed by free room. Not worth it rather pay for better service. I've stayed at flamingo several times in the past as I am platinum total rewards member and often get deals. Last time I said I wouldn't go back but decided to try since I actually like the casino (the dealers are friendly and generally have a great vibe-Still believe that very happy with Blackjack experience).  My problems were with the hotel reception (supposedly vip status remember) and their willingness to help. Two stars are all to even out great casino experience with awful hotel experience. 1. Service is everything. I can deal with anything else if treated with respect, courtesy and feel they are trying to help. Three different people at guest services were unhelpful. 2 in special vip check in one at the desk. We were in vegas for 42 hours total and spent 5 hours fighting with flamingo...stupid. Check in vip room went well the first day. Next day got call that credit card wasn't working. Called cc company indeed it was shut off for fraudulent activity (not our fault). We called desk and then went back to vip room explained issue gave new credit card. They turned our keys back on. Ok all is well (we thought!) left for the day for other TR properties. Got over to Paris wanted to charge lunch to our room said we aren't authorized (2 hours after giving new credit card) embarrassing and annoying but ok. We want to charge to room as it's easier and we can use accrued TR points to pay at end do they screwed us. Called flamingo because we didn't want to walk all the way back, were waiting to see live band at Paris. after being on hold 30 minutes told they can't help great thanks. Spent night at Paris once again can't charge dinner or drinks to room so irritated. Walk back to flamingo play blackjack until dead tired and we have early flight Sunday so head up to bed. 20 minutes for elevator get to room both husband and my room key doesn't work. They shut it off again. Storm down to desk really mad and tired now. Again here less than two days don't need to waste time dealing with crap. Desk person no help at all no explanation no apologies for cutting off our charging privileges or room key. Hey thanks! Great customer service smh. Next day went to vip room when they opened explained everything. Got no apology, explanation, or any kind of compensation for trouble. Sarcastically told to talk casino host Knowing we had to leave for airport. Thanks again. Left to never return. So much for being loyal TR guests of 20 years. No different than anyone else. Loyalty doesn't matter. 2. Booked non smoking room, smelled of smoke and had to place towels under doors to keep smoke out of our room all night. Reported to front desk with no apology or help. Seemed to not care. I cared it kept me up all night coughing, I understand that smoking occurs in casino and I choose tables wisely next door with no one smoking but in my room I expect clean air. 3. Room tired dated scarce offerings. No coffee, refrigerator, lame toiletries, linoleum floor, worn out bathroom but good enough I guess to sleep especially if you're ten kids piled up as this hotel attracts. Go rooms much much better than the one we got don't even know what it's called but king standard I guess in heritage tower. These rooms are very basic and hallways and elevators old and nasty. View of roller not bad but the rest lame. I advise looking elsewhere if you value customer service."