b'Walked in yesterday with my niece and nephew to have our nails done before we had lunch to kill some time. My sister and brother in law have had pedicures done here and loved them so that\'s why we chose it, and it so close to their house. It\'s a fairly large salon and looked clean and decorated nicely. Everyone at the desk seemed really welcoming and nice so I was thinking ok great! Well first off, there are no prices listed anywhere, and when I asked for a price list the girl at the desk said "What are you looking to get?" I said gel manicures and she popped off with $40! Uhhh I\'m from LA and have heard between $25-$30 for a gel mani...never $40.00, that\'s a little outlandish for a manicure. So we stuck with regular manicures ($15.00- typically I pay $12.00 or so) and a kids pedicure. While I was waiting, I tried to look online for their price list and still couldn\'t find manicure prices. I did see on yelp that they offered complimentary wine and beverages but I was never offered anything as I sat and waited to be taken back to the manicure area.They took my niece first and the man doing her nails was on his cell phone for most of her manicure. When she was finished I asked her how it was and she told me her fingers were bleeding because he cut her cuticles too short... Well yeah he was on the freakin phone and not paying attention!! Which also explains why there was polish all over her skin too.My nephew gets taken back for his kids pedicure and after about 25-30 minutes he texts me asking if he\'s done. He said he woman doing his feet just walked away without saying anything and left him sitting there. He also said she spilled water all over his shoes because she let the tub overflow. Great way to treat a kid lady! My niece went back to go get him and bring him up to the front to wait for me.I had Amy, and she seemed really nice and meticulous at first. Then it came to the hand massage. Well she massaged my right hand nicely for a good 5 minutes and it  felt great....then it came to my left hand. That hand got about 1 minute of attention and had a ton of left over lotion left on it so she instructed me to walk across the room to wash my hands. After my nails were painted I noticed all of my nails were still really rough and not filed completely. She too just got up and walked away without saying anything. No "thank you", no "ok you\'re done" just got up and walked away. They have signs all over saying things like "relaxation and rejuvenation"... didn\'t really feel that with the owner barking orders at the 2 girls at the front.I most definitely will not be back, mostly because I don\'t live in Vegas but even when I am for visits I will try my hand somewhere else. As for my sister and brother in law, they too will be finding another place to go for their pedicures.'