b'Despite other glowing reviews posted about this location, I cannot in good conscience give a good review.Vapiano is a European concept Italian restaurant with a hybrid operation - somewhere between a sit-down restaurant (but no wait staff), a cafeteria/buffet (lines at various food stations), and a fast foot place (counter service).  Vapiano straddles these distinctions with technology.  Each customer gets a "credit card" to track their purchases then pays upon leaving.  Maybe that works better for pizzas and large shared plates, but it is a bit awkward for couples and small groups.  And if you want something else (another drink, dessert, etc.), you have to go re-order at the appropriate counter.  Sort of awkward in my opinion.Vapiano\'s concept strongly emphasizes interior design - it even says so on their web page.  And while that is all well and good, two true tests of a restaurant are the quality of the food and the cleanliness of the environment.  Vapiano scores moderately well on the food (slightly better than average Italian), but falters significantly on cleanliness.After my food was prepared, I took the tray to a nearby table.  I placed the tray down and noticed there were very small winged insects crawling on the table.  Not sure what they were - really small termites or large aphids?  Bugs and food - not a good combination!  So I changed table two more times and still there were bugs on the tables.  Maybe they were there because of the plants in the restaurant?  I don\'t know, but since I already had my food, I chose the "least buggy" table and finished my meal as quickly as I could.  Guess it could be at least as buggy as sitting outside or having a picnic?  The moderate mid-week crowd that was there seemed to not notice this problem.The last table I selected was along the left-side of the restaurant, where there are long white drapes made of a sort of gauzy material.  The drapes hang down to almost table surface height and the tables are perpendicular to the windows.  Well, you can guess what comes next - looking at the drapes, you can easily see that they were absolutely filthy, stained by who-knows-how-many previous meals.  While pasta and marinara sauce can be a bit messy, whoever thought to put white drapes next to a table surface wasn\'t much of a designer.  A simple solution would have been to rotate the tables 90-degrees so they were parallel with the drapes - harder to stain that way.  Another good solution - replace the drapes with clean ones, or remove them altogether!As I left to pay, the hostess asked me how my meal was.  I mentioned the bugs and stains, but she seemed oblivious to this.  Had she heard it before?  Did she not care?  I paid and left.Insects and a dirty environment are a deadly combination for future success.  This location needs to get its act together - get rid of the tiny little buggers and clean the drapes.I give this Vapiano location 3 stars (average) for food, but ZERO stars for cleanliness.'