b'The place is supposed to be known for tacos. But the tacos are average at best, and no better than what you could get your local Chili\'s or other commercialized Mexican joint (yes, I am aware that this is Latin American--not Mexican--food).  The biggest problem that I have is with the tortilla shell.  While most people like to fixate on the protein and the toppings (similar with sushi), it\'s the backbone of the dish (i.e. tortilla shell and sushi rice) that is most important. And, it is clear that the tortilla shells simply came from a bag from some commercial plant--bland, chewy, gummy, and sad. Once you\'ve had a real, homemade tortilla shell, there is no going back. I expected better from a place that has "tacos" in its name.Moving on the toppings, which I can only assume was meant to be the star of the show. We tried 7 varieties: BBQ Pork, Rio Style Chicken, Chipotle Mushroom, Chicken Tinga, Roasted Pork Al Pastor, Chorizo & Potato, and Lamb Barbacoa. Some things I noted: the pork had been cooked to death with inadequate seasoning (lathering on sauce is not a remedy as I\'m sure we all know from a pot roast blunder or two); the slaw on the al pastor was extremely wet and I had a mushy, wet taco in my hands by the time I got to it; it was unclear whether the slaw on the al pastor or lime crema on the lamb barbacoa had been tasted by anyone and adjusted for seasoning before it was served because the sour element was overwhelming and not balanced whatsover.  We also had the chicken empanadas as an appetizer. First of all, they were not empanadas--the flaky half-moon pastries that we\'re all used too. The waitress was spot on with her description:  they tasted and had the consistency of essentially pizza rolls.  So if you like pizza rolls, I guess they are fine.Finally, the hostess was terrible.  I approached her to request a table for 2 on a Sunday around 2:30 P.M.  We then sat down at the high-top bar tables (where other people waiting for a seat were also sitting) at the spot closest to her and literally right in front of her.  We watched 4 other parties who had arrived after us be seated before we asked what was going on.  Turns out that she had crossed our names off the list because she thought we had gone to the bar.  No apology, just a blank stare.I didn\'t try any of the drinks and don\'t intend to. $8 for a Dark n\' Stormy is amusing; that\'s halfway to an entire bottle of Gosling\'s rum, and then I could have endless Darn n\' Stormys for a month.Authentic is definitely not the name of the game. At the end of the day, you\'re basically paying for the modern decor, hip music, cute font on the menus, and a "safe" place to eat with your co-workers. I\'ll stick with my $1-2 authentic tacos at Taco Bajaa Fresh over on Copley Drive on my own time though.'