b'My parents have leased from them for years, so it wasn\'t surprising that I went with them when leasing my first car 4 years ago.  At the time, their customer service was fairly good and so were their deals - so it seemed like a good idea.How times have changed! My lease was coming to an end last week and the whole experience of wrapping everything up was a giant pain in the patootie.  When I first called about wrapping everything up several months ago, it was super difficult to extract any info...but I eventually gleaned it was too early to do anything.  So I went back last month, got everything sorted...which included having to really fight against "signing up" with them again.  I eventually just told them I was giving up cars and going TTC-only in order to stop the sales pitch...which isn\'t true, I\'m just leasing from a dealership this time (whose customer service is the best I\'ve ever seen...that review will get 5 stars!).The new guy handling my account was the quintessential slimy car salesman...he\'d ask me questions to seem interested and then interrupt me to tell me something awesome about himself. He also kept trying to put me at ease "as a woman" (yes, he said that) which just made me more pissed off since he couldn\'t have been more condescending about it.  I know cars, I know business...who cares if I\'m a woman or not...just answer my questions.  And somehow, every single decision or conversation topic always led back to a discussion of his golf game.  Good lord.Last week they were supposed to call me on Thursday to let me know the amount owing so I could wrap everything up.  I requested several times for them to call Thursday since I was out of town Friday.  So of course, no call from anyone until I was already out of town. So I called back first thing on Tuesday after the long weekend...to which I\'m told I have to bring it in first thing next day or they\'d make me pay for another month.  Um...so you can take your time getting things done but I have to jump immediately?  Delightful.  So I requested the exact amount owing, as the quick turnaround meant shuffling money around from account to account, etc. to make sure everything was copacetic. So today I went to give back the car, hand over the keys and give them the cheque for the difference I owed them. Turns out they\'d given me the complete wrong amount owing and it was actually almost $150 more! Um...what? What if I hadn\'t brought any extra cheques?  Then I\'d have to keep the car for an extra day and end up stuck paying for an extra month! No way!  The guy I was dealing with was very good about it when I pointed out you can\'t confirm an amount with someone and then change it without telling them (my account guy wasn\'t able to be there as he\'d decided to go golfing that afternoon instead)...and he agreed to hold the extra amount they hadn\'t told me about until after I get paid this week as a kindness.  He at least proved to me that there are a few people there who know what customer service actually means...too bad he doesn\'t handle the day to day communication with customers!Having seen the quality customer service at other car dealerships, etc...I won\'t ever be going back to JPL again.'