b"Oh no, Joe! Here's the problem:1.  You need to do something about the ridiculous line out the door.  Yes, you are popular.  Yes it was dinner time (on a Thursday night.) So why was there only one person taking orders?  You have two registers. Heard numerous complaints during my 30 minute wait.2.  if someone orders the havarti pesto burger, please include the pesto.  even if the person orders it without the bun.  You could put it in a condiment cup.3.  When you're making kids food, please be aware that kids are some of the pickiest diners out there and unhappy kids = unhappy parents.  The kids grilled cheese came out with some red sauce on the cheese part.  not just a little.  Therefore kids refused to eat.  Perhaps it was pizza sauce?  BBQ sauce?  Whatever it was, it shouldn't have been there.  That's $10 down the drain.  Yes, two kids meals which were 1/2 a grilled cheese sandwich each were $5. And, mommy, who went out to avoid having to cook after a long day had to go home and prepare something.4.  What's the story with the flies?  Well, of course they are expected at an outdoor place, but our table was literally swarming with them.  I noticed that the tables under the trees did not have patrons vigorously swatting these pesky creatures away.  This isn't really a complaint, just a heads up to future guests to suss out the tables before you sit down.5.  What do you do best?  I want to give you one more chance as my mom's group loves to 'lunch' here, but I just haven't discovered the magical menu item.  My husband said he's come for the last time, so I'm on my own.  I've had the sandwiches and pizzas and nothing stands out.  A couple positives to end my review:When I went back in to get my pesto, the guy who got it for me was super friendly.Food comes out quickly once it's ordered.Cool bathroom.One final piece of advice - sit on the side away from the street.  We learned this the hard way as it was a nuisance to continuously walk around the building for drink refills, taking kids to the bathroom, utensils, condiments, picking up food, etc."