b'Went for dinner tonight w/ co-worker. Ordered dinner, side salad and a glass of wine. Waitress comes back and apologizes- apparently she delayed putting in the order so the meal would be properly spaced but in doing so they sold out of my dinner option. Uhm, it\'s 6:30 on a Wednesday night with a full restaurant, how do you sell out of a regular pasta option at an Italian restaurant? Fine. I choose something else.Pasta arrived & after a bite or two it was clear that half the pasta wasn\'t cooked. Sent it back. Floor manager comes to the table, introduces himself, apologizes & says we will have a new plate out ASAP personally delivered by him. 25 minutes later I caught our waitress and asked to have it "to go" as my dinner companion had dragged out eating her meal as long as possible & is now finished. Alex, the manager comes by and says "I was just on my way to deliver your meal when the waitress said you wanted it to go" and apologizes again.  Considering I could see him delivering food and chatting with other patrons, he wasn\'t anywhere near my food, but okay & we ask for the bills. I opened the container to ensure it was my meal and took a bite - the pasta is so over cooked it is mush and its lukewarm, like it had been sitting for an extended period of time waiting to be served. Alex shows up at the table again with 2 glasses of prosecco without confirming we would like a glass (which neither of us do) ... he then comps the $5 wine special for both myself and my dinner companion & offers a free dessert for NEXT time I come in ... pretty sure there won\'t be a next time.  He said my meal was on the house as it wasn\'t right ... except the bill shows up and there is my lonely salad listed and requiring payment. Really?! As we are leaving (ie coats on and about to walk away from the table) a 3rd waitress shows up with a bowl of pasta and looks at me like I\'m crazy when I say i already have my meal but would gladly exchange my take away container if the pasta she was holding was cooked and hot. Complete disorganization and will more than likely not be back. Mushy pasta went straight to the bin on the way home. Thank goodness my dinner companion was entertained ...'