b"Cloud 9.  When you are inside, you literally feel like you're in the sky.  The interior decor is gorgeous!  I love the white metal artsy walls.  It is definitely very unique!  The only thing I don't like is the gold fishes.  When I first saw this place, the gold fishes freaked me out because there were too many.  I honestly would never had came in here if it wasn't for my fiance.  I'm sure glad that we made reservations here because the interior decor alone was all worth just being in there.  So, 1 star goes to the interiorSo, we came here for a family dinner on Christmas day.  There were 18 of us.  They split the group into two.  We had no trouble with getting seated.  They have plenty of tables to accommodate to anyone.The second star goes to some of the food that I ate.  The food was not as impressive and was a little bland.  I also expected the food to be better since it is in the Caesar's Hotel.  My family ordered 1 small and 1 large Pork Noodle Bowls, 2 plates of Duck, 1 Braised Beef, 3 plates of dumplings, Fried Rice, Chinese Broccoli, and some other cold dishes.  The total all came out to be over $250.   All the dishes range from $15-30 dollars.  Again, nothing really wowed me, especially considering the price of each dish.  I was super excited to try the Pork Noodles Bowl because I heard that they Handmade their noodles, but I was disappointed.  The noodles were good, but the flavor was bland.  However, the only thing I really liked out of all the dishes was the Pork Noodle Bowl (small $15, Large $25), which says a lot.  The dumplings were okay too, not the best that I have ever tried.  I was especially sad when I ate the duck.  Duck is my favorite meat and it just tasted too clean.  Normally, chinese duck is full of yummilicious oily greasy flavor, but not this one.   The portion for each dish is small, so we had to order multiples of each dish to feed a family of 9.The service was decent.  Our waiter was really nice, but put down the Small for our dishes even though we explicitly told him that we were eating family style.  Due to this mishap, our family had to order more and the large dishes of all the small dishes that we got, which came out to more $$.  Overall, sadly to say.. I would not come here again for chinese food, especially when considering the price, portion, and flavor.  Not the best that I have tried."