b"*This is a review of an experience at Meatballz  on 1.8.10 and also my first time there.I was going out to lunch with a couple of work buddies and meeting up with another friend who suggested we go to Meatballz for lunch. He had been raving about the food for some time and I figured, it's a Friday and I have not yet tried it, so I will give it a shot.  We met at about noon and there was a total of six of us. I was very excited looking over the large menu of various heroes and pastas. For those that have never been here, you order at the counter and then the food is brought out to you.  I was the fifth out of six of us to order. 4 people ordered meatball heroes, one person a tuna hero (yes at a place called Meatballz) and I ordered the chicken parm hero and a small drink for $9.12 after the guy at the counter taking the order recommended it over the heroes I was considering. Not the cheapest lunch out there, but for a fresh foot long hero and a drink with free refills it is completely par for the course.  The six of us were lucky enough to find a table we could all sit at inside . It looks like they may be able to sit about 30 or so folks and there is some seating outside as well.  About 5 to 10 minutes after the last person had ordered, all of the heroes started to come out, except for one. For 5 points can you guess which one? If you said Tuna, you get no points. For those of you that guessed Chicken parm, give yourselves the points. About 30 minutes later and still no sandwich I decided to hit the counter up for an explanation. I was told that there was a fresh sandwich coming out of the oven and that it would be out in a moment. By that point I had waited about a half hour, the other five folks I was with had finished or were in the final stretch of finishing their sandwiches so I just asked for my money back.  Thankfully the guy behind the counter (who is the reason this review has any stars attached to it) was extremely customer service oriented and apologized for the mistake and gave me back my money. Just as I was getting the money back a sandwich did come out from the back but it was too late and I didn't have time to eat nor the desire. I was happy that there was no fuss on returning my cash and let the cashier know that it wasn't his fault that there was a mix up.  A few moments later the same guy came around the counter and told me he had spoken to his boss and they felt bad. They gave me a 10 dollar gift certificate to come back and try the place again and I appreciate that, but it may be some time before I take them up on the offer. There are a ton of places looking for lunch time business and this one is a bit out of the way for me at this point. With restaurants closing in the valley all the time I am sure having unhappy or unsatisfied customers is not something anyone wants. While I do appreciate the attempt at getting me back in, I am going to have to let the bad taste of nothingness leave my mouth first  It is possible at some point I may go back in there, but until that day comes I am going to have to leave this review at a 2 star."