b'DVFM DOES NOT ANSWER THEIR PHONES. If they cared about their PATIENTS, not customers, but healthcare patients, in need of serious medical attention, they would address this too common complaint with their office. I have been suffering from bronchitis and possible pneumonia (per Cheryl Luchsinger) for a week. I have a nagging, itchy cough, body aches, cold chills, profuse sweating, loss of appetite and headache. I CHOSE to drive 40 minutes from my home in San tan valley, AZ in lieu of going to an urgent care facility closer to my home, for treatment because I thought that since DVFM had my medical history, I would receive more PERSONAL and adaptive care. PFFF!I felt very hopeful when Cheryl said she would treat it like a pneumonia, not just a bronchitis, to be safe. She seemed concerned and I felt at ease. She even made me laugh. I was prescribed an inhaler and antibiotics. I got the inhaler but unfortunately the antibiotics required a PRIOR AUTHORIZATION from my insurance. Walgreens sent the fax at 1:30 pm while I was standing there picking up my inhaler. I have been waiting for DVFM to respond to this request. STILL NO RESPONSE. Walgreens keeps saying to "contact your physician so they can change it or they can call your insurance"... What more can I do if DVFM won\'t even answer the phone???? Way to put patients first DVFM. Way to go.I have been going here for a year and a half. My pcp is dr. Lauber. I have just spent the last 24 hours awake with a nasty cough because I cannot sleep. I\'m waiting a for Cheryl L the pA to respond to a prior authorization request sent from the Walgreens pharmacy at 1:30 yesterday. Really? Do you or your MA\'s check the fax machine on a regular basis?? This is not a matter of convenience it IS a matter of wellness for patients. Operations and policies need to change at DVFM before patients start reporting to the BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU. ANSWER YOUR PHONES, CHECK YOUR FAX MACHINES. PUT PATIENTS FIRST. Isn\'t that why you opened your doors?'