b'I heard about this great restaurant, serving Rustic French Country cuisine, by a good friend of mine. He raved about how wonderful Metro Brasserie was and knowing him and his tastes, he usually isn\'t too far off the mark. So when I had the opportunity to pick a place for my girlfriends and I to meet, I thought what a perfect place to check out. Metro Brasserie is located in Old Town Scottsdale near the chic Waterfront.  The Waterfront is surrounded by trendy boutiques, cafes and wine bars and it\'s a bustle with Phoenician hipsters and tourists alike. We were all really excited to try this hip new place and feeling our stomachs grumble couldn\'t wait to indulge our taste buds in yummy delights. It was a little bit busy, after all it was a sunny Sunday afternoon, during the busiest time of the day. We were told the wait would be around 40 minutes for the patio and 20 minutes for interior sitting. Without hesitation we decided interior seating would be best...did I mention we were all really hungry? Within 15 minutes the hostess seated us. The restaurant was super cute and reminded me of some of the little french cafes at home, back in Canada. Thoughts of Pomme Frites, Poutine and Croque Monsieur danced through my head.The menu had a pretty nice variety of entrees on it and you could order either breakfast or lunch. I really like when restaurants give you options. By the way, who doesn\'t like a good breakfast?? That\'s a whole other conversation. Anyway, back to Metro Brasserie - the waiter came to take our order, my friend couldn\'t decide between the French Toast and the Quiche. Who better to ask then the waiter! My friend proceeds to tell the waiter she\'s torn between two items."French Toast or Quiche? Which is better?" Seemed like a pretty normal kind of question for a waiter. His response blew us away. "Well, they\'re really different. One is sweet and the other savory." The table is silent and I\'m sure we\'re all thinking the exact same thing...no shit! It was at that moment our excitement was replaced with disappointment and a hint of irritation. Not only was the waiters personality drier than toast but let\'s just say he was seriously lacking character and manners. We all put in our orders; a Burger for me, Belgian Endive Salad with chicken for my friend and the Mushroom Brie Quiche for my other girlfriend. An hour and twenty five minutes went by and no food. Our waiter didn\'t stop by during that time at all - you think he would have advised us of a problem in the kitchen or even just apologized for the delay. Nothing! Our food finally arrives and we begin to devour what seems like a precious jem. The burger was cooked perfectly, medium rare with Gruyere and the Pomme Frites and mayo were amazing. The Quiche on the other hand was just okay, "nothing special" and the Belgian Endive Salad with chicken was not the best. Apparently, the Salad was also nothing special and had a strange flavored dressing on it that was clearly not enjoyable. We finish eating and chatting and decide to call it day. Mr. poo poo waiter hadn\'t been by to check on us and after having had waited so long for a mediocre lunch we weren\'t terribly happy.  The service was blatantly awful, the waiter was rude, and only one dish was really good...what to do? Being the somewhat decent consumer, we decide to leave a 10% tip. Anything less would be pretty rude considering most of the food industry lives off the tips. I could not bring myself to leave this fine establishment without saying something, I wrote a little note on the receipt that said "This is the worst service I\'ve ever experienced!" I really felt compelled to say something about our experience. We\'re in the middle of a recession and eating out is a privilege that should be enjoyed. So, shouldn\'t patrons be treated well when spending money in establishments?'