b"I've been to Nails with Love once before and it was a good pedicure. I've read such good reviews especially about Anthony and Jenny and even had a friend who's had a pedicure by Anthony tell me to request him. I'm currently 9 months pregnant. Due in about 3 weeks. I have an 18 month old at home too so I was really looking forward to a really good pedicure and just to relax for an hour! I scheduled my appointment for 4:15 specifically with Anthony. When I get there Anthony is sitting in the waiting section chairs and a nice girl checked me in. She asked me 2-3 times if I specifically wanted Anthony. I said yes. Then Anthony gets up and asked me a couple times himself if I specifically wanted him. Again I said I was referred by someone and preferred him. At this point I'm uncomfortable. He then asks AGAIN if I would mind getting the pedicure by someone else. At that point I don't care anymore. I felt very uncomfortable that he didn't want to give me the pedicure. I said that's fine and was given the first nice little girl that greeted me. She must be new or something and probably didn't have many services for the day and maybe that's why they wanted her to do the pedicure. That's fine but when I'm asked repeatedly 5 times and all times I said I preferred Anthony, they still made me uncomfortable. And then Anthony just sat in the front waiting section on his phone the whole time! But The girl did an ok job. Never buffed my nails or anything after filing them and then when she was about to paint them noticed I still had old polish on my toe and had to go back and take it off.. Which should have been done in the beginning or when she buffed my nails? And then she dinged my big toe putting on my sandals and tried fixing it and it's still Jacked but I don't think I'm comfortable enough to go back in there and tell them.  Not sure I'll be back. I have lots of people I've sent here from 2 mommy Facebook pages I'm on and after this I probably won't refer anyone else. Very unprofessional in my opinion."