b"This place was such a let down!I had high hopes for our dinner here (all you can eat meat - who wouldn't?) but while walking out of the restaurant after our party of 6 finished dinner, we all had the same sentiments...meh....waste of money...Having never been to Copacabana before, we relied on the instruction of our server, who sent us to the salad buffet first, before any of the meat came. We brought our plates back to the table, and about 30 minutes after chowing down on salad the meat started to come. It almost seemed as if they were waiting for us to fill up on salads so we would be full by the time the meat came. The meat then came in HORDES....all at once! - but this was short lived. The servers with skewers of meat were at our table one after another, with no time to eat the piece already on our plates. They also failed to describe the meat they had (super loud in there and when asked to repeat they just ignored - they need to have signs or something..). After we told a few of them to come back in a bit so we could tackle the meat already on our plates they completely ignored our table for the remainder of the night, even when summoned. We also asked four different staff for more salmon (the one hit of the night + the grilled pineapple) and all said sure! no problem! ....and then it never came -____-'The meat was super super salty and I have a feeling its intentional as they keep coming with bottles of water for the table - maybe hoping you will keep chugging and get filled up?Basically the night was rushed, loud, poor service, salty meat, and with tax/tip/no drinks came to $45 per person (it was sumerlicious mind you, so it's probably even more expensive on normal days). For that price we could have gone to the Keg and had a great slab of steak with proper sides and better service. Save your money.Would I return? - No. Parking? - Street parking on side street and on Yonge, Green P's around, Eglinton subway station right besideValue for $? - Not greatSpace? - Medium sized/limited waiting area (they will take your number and text you when the table is ready). Inside is pretty big. Ventilation? - So so (aka you will smell a bit like food after)Service? - Poor"