b'Food was great, service and concept had major hiccups.My friend and I decided to try out this new Hopdoddy location for lunch. It was about 11:45 on a Thursday, and we only had about 45 minutes for lunch before we had to travel back to work. Unfortunately, it ended up being the slowest service, unprofessional servers, and most frustrating dining experience I\'ve had in a while. It took a total of an hour and fifteen minutes to get out of there, after we waited for over 45 minutes to get our food.  Generally, the concept just wasn\'t working efficiency-wise from the moment we walked in. We walked in & two minutes later an employee taps us on the back and says "OH where did you come from I didn\'t see you walk in" and hands us more menus, even though we had already grabbed some while we were waiting in line.After ordering, they place us at an unfavorable 2-top table by the line & Soda machine. I think in restaurant setting like that you should be able to have a say in where you sit, but the choose for you. We asked if we could switch our table to a friendlier one, given half of the tables were empty at the time. They gladly let us move to another one. 35 Minutes later, we still don\'t have any food or milkshakes. We asked numerous workers if they knew where our food or milkshakes were, they all said they don\'t know and the "bar handles that".  10 minutes later, it appeared no one had looked into anything, and we had to ask another server who had an unfriendly response of, "you didn\'t order through the cashier because we don\'t see your order. Are you sure you ordered. and are you sure you ordered milkshakes?" instead of an apology or appropriate response of trying to figure it out.10 minutes after that, we received our food, which was actually GREAT. We ordered the spinach salad and Thunderbird burger. Both were very tasty. 15 minutes later we still had no milkshakes. Finally we received a milkshake, and then it took another 20 minutes and numerous times of asking servers to get our check. I understand it\'s a new opening, and therefore I would wait a few months to try it again. Their food was great and I\'m sure this was not a normal experience.'