b"My 3rd dim sum visit since opening... and I'm still not impressed with the food and the service. Maybe I had over expected the quality and taste of the food... since Yu Seafood presented themselves as this 'luxurious' and 'high class' restaurant but their dim sum did not meet this standard. They have limited dim sum - only one column (half side) of the sheet was dim sum and the other side was dessert, fried rice/noodles and entrees (like rack of lambs). Here are things I DIDN'T ENJOY: - Lobster seafood steam bun (L): This was extremely overpriced for 3 steam buns since the filling inside hardly had any lobster meat or even taste to it. - Fresh fruit napoleon (L): It looked pretty, and it came in approximately 3 layers of puff pastry with cream, mini strawberries and sliced kiwi. However, the puff pastry was STALE which is the biggest turnover for this type of dessert (and I even wondered if it was fresh... perhaps a day old?). - Scallops, egg white, king oyster fried noodles ($18): This is the worst Chinese fried noodles I've ever had! Although the scallops were a good/decent size, it didn't taste fresh with an almost frozen after taste.The noodles have absolutely NO TASTE and should be avoided. It definitely did not match the high price they charged. Here are things I ENJOYED: - Special BBQ pork bun (M): This was essentially 3 mini pineapple buns with BBQ pork inside. Overall, the bread was very soft, and it was very unique. - Steam pork ribs with pumpkin (M): Pork ribs was plentiful! They definitely did not cheap out on the portion, and every pork rib had soft meat. So there weren't pieces that were just bone or fat. As for service, for my most recent experience, the server did not engage us or even respond to us. When we asked for toothpicks for a table of 5, he gave us only 2 packets of toothpicks. Furthermore, when we ordered the big plate of fried noodles, the servers did not give us bowls to share which is very uncommon for Chinese restaurants. I tried getting someone but no one came, and in the end, I had to get up myself to grab bowls they had on the side. All in all, my most recent experience was a big disappointment and will make me avoid Yu Seafood for a while..."