b"Just finished a rather disappointing experience after having high hopes for a good meal based on the reviews.The good, apps.  The cornbread was delicious.  The cauliflower appetizer was mostly good, minus the black eyed peas.  The black eyed peas were listed as fried, but to us they were overcooked, very grainy and chalky.  My big boy old fashioned was decent. Her unicorn tears was ok, light on flavor.The bad, the main courses.  She ordered a half order of brisket, I ordered a half order of chopped pork and we shared baked beans.  We're not sure the intent on the brisket, but it seemed to be precooked, sliced into 'steaks' and then grilled.  This resulted in the driest brisket we've ever eaten.  It was near jerky.  But, the pickles were good.As I recall, the menu didn't include a description of the chopped pork... I probably should've asked for detail.  What came to the table was so over sauced I couldn't taste the pork, and I could not tell you if the meat was smoked or roasted.  There just wasn't any smoke flavor.  There were 3 sauces on the table, but I couldn't try them... the meat was already drowning in a sweet sauce.  Again, I probably should've asked, but I expected a well smoked pork that I could use their sauces on.  Especially since they had a mustard sauce which I really like on smoked pork.The side order of baked beans... beans were cooked well.  But, there just wasn't any seasoning.  We had a few bites, and it just wasn't worth it.  There was no salt on the table, and by this point we weren't inclined to flag someone down to ask for salt.We did inform the waiter of our disappointment, who brought the manager out.  We were offered a free dessert, which we declined.  After several disappointing dishes, dessert wouldn't have resolved the preceding experience.We had hoped for a good bbq meal with some 'elevation' of flavors based on the menu, that's not what we were served.  Here's hoping they can improve, a good nearby bbq meal would be much appreciated."