b'Hi, T-Mobile S Rainbow! Let me give you a quick customer service 101.HERE IS HOW YOU PROPERLY GREET AND ASSIST A CUSTOMER: "Hello, my name is __________. How may I assist you today?"I dropped by T-Mobile during my lunch break as a ten-year AT&T customer hoping to make the big switch. They had this huge promo going on "switch from a carrier and get a free iPhone 7 (when you trade in your current iPhone)". Upon every transaction, sales associates should 1) assume customers are there for the promo or 2) at least talk about the promo.Imelda assisted me without proper above-said greeting, so she missed the whole point of why I was there and our time including a lot of backtracking and waste. I tell her I want to make the big switch, so she proceeds to activate a new line, makes me pay for a $25 SIM card, then looks at me - "So you already have a phone for this SIM card?" "No, I wanted to do the free iPhone promo." "Oh. I saw you had two phones so I just assumed you already had a phone for me. If I knew you wanted to do the promo, I wouldn\'t have charged you $25 because under the promo, activating a line is free." Huh?? Maybe if you fully questioned my needs without jumping the gun...She then had to void the $25 transaction which for some reason she was reluctant to do. Her whole manner was rushed and lacked genuine concern when explaining things to me. When going over details of the promo, she rambled in her jargon that only phone courier sales associates who have to talk about it 100x a day would understand. She sees I do not get it, emits an exasperated sigh, then condescendingly writes on a sticky note what my options are. I have questions, and she responds to them in a nope-you-can\'t-do-that tone.Ugh, the whole ordeal was so stupid. I made up in my mind that I wanted to switch from AT&T to T-Mobile and she changed that buying power in an instant. I stopped the transaction saying I\'d think about my options and return after work. She said she\'s working there until 8pm. Hell no was I returning to her. I took my business to their Silverado location where THEIR T-Mobile associates absolutely redeemed their company\'s name and went above and beyond for me. Off to leave a five-star review on their site.'