b"I had been to this nail salon a few years ago and they did a nice job. I had a particular design in mind this visit which included some intricate straight lines. The technician tried her best to draw the lines, but I was surprised the tools that she used, instead of a thin brush like I have seen used in other salons I've been to, she used a bulky thick brush. So all the lines came out thick, uneven, and wavy. I didn't really like it, but it was late and I didn't want to make a fuss. After a day, the lines really started to bother me, so I called to see if they would fix it being that I was charged $14 for design on 4 out of my 10 nails. On top of the manicure being $10 more than other salons, $14 for design, and leaving a 20% tip, they told me, they would charge me for fixing the nails. It's not about the money, obviously I spend money to get me nails done. It's about the lack of customer service that they offered. Think twice before going to this over priced salon that lacks good customer service and just wants your money. Thanks for actually responding on Yelp. However, it would've been nice to actually get this over the phone when I called, instead I was told there was nothing you could do, except charge me. The lines were thick and wavy, maybe you need to look closely at the picture to see that. As far as your 7-day policy, I called the very next day, so I'm not sure how that's comes into play. I ok'd the design cause we were already 2 1/2 hours in and like I said prior, I didn't want to make a fuss. My problem wasn't with the tech, she did a great job, besides the lines. My problem was with the management  not caring that I was displeased with my nails after 1 day and after dropping $70 in their salon. They treated me like I was trying to get something for free. If they had said, why don't you come in so we can take a look. Who knows I probably would've paid to get it fixed. But they didn't want to hear my side of the story. I love having my nails done, and always receive compliments on them daily. In turn I love to refer folks to the salons I visit to so they too can have that experience. But the way I was treated at this salon was unnecessary, so I had to address it. I wish The Nail Room much success."