b"Ugh. I despise Kinko's. I despise everything about Kinko's. I don't even know where to begin. Buckle in, this is bound to be long winded.Once upon a time, I thought Kinko's was this magical place full of neat machines and free paperclips that was constantly full of cool projects and was hopping twenty four hours a day. Then I began to need to use them for my job, and that's just when all the trouble began. First of all, very few Kinko's, if any, are even open twenty four hours a day anymore! But that was just the initial crack in their facade for me. See, I used to be able to just email them a document as an attachment, and put instructions in the body of the email. Then I would follow up with a call to make sure they got the file, which they always did. They would tell me over the phone when I could pick it up, and the orders were always on time. THEN everything changed. They no longer accept email orders. They have created the most complicated and horribly bass-ackwards program on their website to upload documents. I understand why they did it, and I'm not saying it's a bad idea. I'm just saying the program needs some major overhauling because it never ever ever EVER works right. Either I can't explain what I need to them through their structured questions, or it won't upload right, or the submit button doesn't work. Then, once I finally get it to work, I have to call them 20-30 minutes later. Generally, they still haven't received my file by my first call. So I call back. I'm left on hold forever, and when they return, they still have to ask a billion questions about my order because their system doesn't tell them what they need to know. It takes virtually forever.I really feel for the employees at Kinko's. I once worked for a copy shop, and I know how hectic things can get. That being said, I have never witnessed more incompetent help in my life. I don't blame any of the individuals that work there, Kinko's probably just has provided very little useful training for them. But still, I dread going in there. Even to simply pick up a completed order, it will take no less than 30 minutes.On top all of that, Kinko's is expensive. Needlessly so. Simply because they have a stranglehold over the copying business gives them no right to charge those ridiculous rates for various services. Blow it out your a$$, Kinko's!"