b'The building is lovely.  The remodel after Buttita\'s is as good as one can do when turning a lovely restaurant into a sports bar-style restaurant (though why one would want to do that is beyond me).  And that\'s where the good stuff stops.In short, the service and all things related to it were glacially slow; the food, when it arrived, was mediocre at best -- and missing key elements (one whole order, and other parts).  This restaurant cannot possibly last if they don\'t figure out how to greet and serve customers, or get the food that was ordered actually to the tables.The full story.Upon arrival, we found a vacant hostess stand, then a long walk down the hall to the dining room along which we saw no one who works there.  Luckily, we ran into friends who assured us that we could seat ourselves.After waiting at our table for some 15 minutes, we used a bit of self-help, and accosted a waitress to ask for some menus.  After another 5-7 minutes another waitress finally showed up with menus and silverware. She did not offer water, or to bring us a drink of any sort - just plopped the menus down and disappeared.Quite some time later, our waitress arrived, apologetically, and took our order.  We ordered an appetizer (cheese fries), and three meals: 1 burger (would have been on wheat bread but despite the menu, they had none), one 1/2 ribeye (which the menu says was supposed to be thick, but which was certainly not), that should have come with some interesting sounding twice baked potato casserole, and one individual pizza.  My daughter ordered a diet, I ordered water, and my husband ordered a beer.The water and diet only took about 7 minutes to arrive.The appetizer might have arrived after another 10, but the food runner carrying the plate of cheese fries tried to deliver them to another table. Having learned he had the wrong table, the lad just took them back to the kitchen.Eventually, the cheese fries arrived.  They weren\'t as hot as one would like, and for the price, there should have been a LOT more cheese.  The fries were no better than I could make using frozen crinkle fries from the grocery.Within 3 minutes of the appetizer\'s tardy arrival, some of our food arrived.The burger (but not the beer), and my steak with vegetable, but no potato casserole, and no pizza.The waitress arrived, and asked if everything was there, we told her "no", and pointed out that we were missing the beer, the potatoes and the pizza.  Ten minutes later the beer arrived.My husband then went up to the window where the pizza would have been put up for a food runner -- no pizza had been ordered.So. The steak was fatty, but moderately tasty, if only tepid.  The broccoli was cold, the burger was not as good as you can get at, say Hardee\'s (despite costing twice as much). We never did get the pizza.  Or the potatoes.  I DID offer to come in as a consulting manager to help them teach the staff how to actually wait tables......'