b'I use to love this place however I had a bad experience there on Saturday night. A few friends and I came after hitting some bars at midnight to grab a bite to eat and have some beers. The waitress (a stubby Caucasian lady) came over and we asked about their beers - she promptly turned a drink menu to us. Then we asked about the shooters they had and she rudely said "uh like all of them". Okay. I think part of your job should be to know at least a few of those shooters and beers to recommend to customers. It was apparent she didn\'t want to be there. Later on, the bill came to $46 so my friends put down two twentys and a ten. The waitress came over and said "you need change?" and we did not. I did not want my friends to pay for me but I only had a $50 bill with me. She saw that I wanted to pay for my own meal so she came over to me and quickly said "Your meal was $10, if I give you two twentys (from the pile) and take your fifty, then you have paid for your meal". Me, being a bit buzzed and tired said "Sure" and then she quickly took my fifty AND the ten dollar bill. Right away my friend realized "You know we tipped her $14 for shitty service right?" I was appalled - it felt like she manipulated me in order to get $10 more tip. I would be ok with tipping 30% IF the server was friendly and actually made it seem like she wanted to be there but she didn\'t. The waitress didn\'t come back with the change. I hate being played so I asked the other waitress there if we could have the change back and I would leave the tip on the table. We then watched as the other waitress talked to our waitress in the corner clearly throwing shade and talking shit about us. And boy, did she take her time getting the change. My friends were "too prideful" to stay and wait for the change but I\'m quite sure she had no intention of bringing it to us. I use to work as a waitress and I NEVER would assume that I could keep the change nor would I ever manipulate customers to tip me more. The next day I called and explained the situation to a worker there and she took my name and number and said she would call back later - she never did. Obviously, a $10 loss isn\'t a big deal at all (even though I am a poor student). However, I don\'t like how she manipulated the situation and took advantage of customers. Really disappointing'