b'No stars.. yes no stars... (the app made me select one to post) the complete bs I just witnessed as a customer left me with a real stale taste in my mouth. This is the first dine in experience where the stale taste wasn\'t caused by the food. I went with my family to this location for lunch. The place was busy which is exactly what any good store manager would want; however a good store manager would also want their customers leaving there location feeling respected, valued, & fully satisfied with their dine in experience. Our experience started out great but it slowly showed signs that it was headed down hill when our burgers came to the table before our salads and shakes. We usually frequent the Parmatown location. They seem so much more professional. When our shakes were delivered to the table the chocolate shake made it to the table but the strawberry banana shake was poured into my wifes lap. As you can imagine this feels great in an air conditioned room while wearing shorts. The shake poured straight down my wifes bare leg into her shoe and onto the floor. My wife received a borage of "I\'m sorry!"s which is awesome and conveys how the workers were feeling at the time. The most important question or worry during this situation is #1 How does the customer feel? #2 How can we help them? #3 What can we do to rectify the situation? In retrospect all we received was late food, apologies, wet pants, napkins, and a bill to pay for it all. Yes a bill! The manager came over attempting to offer apologies and a mop. Not once did she offer a solution to rectify my wifes ruined clothes and meal. I as her husband had to speak up and ask for some type of resolution. Some people have the knack to be a store manager while others just don\'t. This type of manager is what I commonly refer to as a floater. Floaters are managers who do just enough to maintain current numbers and current status quo. They really have no talent or abilities which are beneficial to improving the overall profitability or running of the store. When this location implements points #1,#2, &#3 they will be taking a step in the right direction. It is needless to say that we won\'t be back anytime soon nor recommending it.'