b'The only good that came from eating here was that the bill was comped.Went for dinner 22 April. Everything was fine up until the part where people actually eat, which is a major issue being a restaurant. Two distinctly different dishes were ordered; yellow curry with tofu and Seafood Delight. Hers came out in a reasonable amount of time. I told her to not wait for me and eat, believing my order would be coming out shortly.Meanwhile, a table of two came in, and was seated at a table that was in my line of sight. They got their drinks, ordered and started to eatEvery so often, staff would peek around to see me, sitting there not eating. Eventually, one of the waitresses comes over."Is everything okay?Everything except I haven\'t received my order."Minutes later..."Is everything okay?Is there something wrong in the kitchen? I\'m still waiting for my food."Her response was that the order slipped through the cracks because of a larger party\'s (20+) order, which doesn\'t sound right. The party she was talking about was already seated and eating when we walked in, and the table that was seated in my line of sight came in after us and was already eating. Additionally, our order was taken on one ticket, not two (2) separate orders, so both orders should have been started at the same timeMy plate finally shows up, but I\'m so upset that I don\'t eat. For five minutes, I debate whether or not to ask for the manager. And again, every so often the staff would peek around to see me, sitting there and not eating. Was finally persuaded to just eat so we can leave.We had finished our meals. The male waiter shows up, and asks how things are going. She had asked for a to go container, which was brought promptly. She filled the container with her leftovers, and the dishes were taken away.We sat around for another 15 minutes. No one bothered to ask if we were ready for our check. That table of two? Already out the door. While we were waiting, we had a talk about her talking with management, because I knew she would be calmer than I would be. We go to the front and had to ask the hostess we would like to pay, but we never received a bill."What table was yours?The table that had to wait over fifteen minutes for my dinner."At that point, I pulled $25 out of my pocket, and handed it to her while taking her take out container. Was so livid that I told the hostess that she had something to say to management and I had to leaveShe finally came out, and I got the lowdown.- A lot of apologies were given, but no real action to correct the situation (Which I take as, no one cares enough to follow up)- Of the three wait staff (2 F, 1 M) who came to our table, not once did the male member mention he was the manager- Lots of finger pointing going around: waitress(es) believed since the manager came over, he would take care of us; manager believed waitress(es) was still serving us.'