b"Let me start on saying I didn't appreciate getting kicked out of this place because of how ur security or manager think I was too drunk to handle myself the way I looked that night. I flew all the way from Seattle to Vegas to celebrate my 40th bday. Thinking, this place will be a good place for me, my sisters, brother in laws n husband a place to enjoy n celebrate my bday. Well, let me tell u.. we were so disappointed n wrong. I couldn't believe how poor ur management n security handle situation when u had too much to drink. Yes, I admitted had drunk too much that I did actually vomited inside ladies restroom.  Not to the point, that I made a mess on the floor or did not make it to toilet. I managed to walked n did my business inside ladies room. I managed to clean n flush the toilet to make sure it was spottless. As soon as I went back to r booth.. one of the security guard was talking to my brother in law n want us to leave because according to him.. I was too drunk to be there. At that time, I was just sitting n drinking my water observing n thinking.. what the hell is going on. We left r booth n waited for r parties on the waiting area to take care of r bill. Again, this security guard told us that we can't be there n have to leave the premises. That time, was already getting pissed off n heated up by the way they treated us. We got to this place @9pm n listened to the live band(sounded good by the way) enjoyed listening to them.We took advantage of they'r 2hrs unlimited drink for price of$47 Ithink.  We ordered drinks n enjoyed drinking. That's the reason why we were there for, right. Well, if u guys r offering unlimited drinks in ur lounge expect that u will have drunk people. I had fly me to the moon, mai tai n rum n coke. Hmm, 3drinks within 2hrs was not WORTH IT!! that 3drinks for me was enough that I had too much already n had already gone to restrm. Well, after 2hrs they told us we can't stay in r booth  n we need to moved. But if we want to stay, we have to order drink to keep the booth.  Orderd a bottle of bombay n juice just to keep r booth. They suck u up to order so u can keep ur booth. Again, why did u guys kicked us out coz I had too much to drink n can't handle myself(according to them) but yet, u offered us to ord more drinks to keep r booth. Not only we got kicked out @12:30 at night(still too early didn't even got a chance to dance on the dance floor). I found out next day r bill was $800.00. What  the f***, how much again for party of 8. Come to find out they did 2 separate bill. First, 2hrs bill unlmted drinks so about $400 plus r food chips dips maybe $500 + gratuity of course there were 8 of us 15 or 20% of r total bill. Had another bill they chg after 2hrs+gratuity again of course. Oh, wait there is more another charge for the booth we reserved but did not tell us we have to move after 2hrstotally shocked at this lounge.. billed us twice gratuity that's 40% no wonder r billed was $800. We didn't even finished r drinks that was ordered after that 2hrs unlimited coz u kicked us out. Now, u guys tell me if I was out of control that night.. as far as I know.. didn't say anything nor made a scene to get kicked out. The only time that I started dropping the f** word when I found out that we were getting kicked out coz of me. My only mistake was.. I had too much to drink n I threw up in the ladies room using the toilet bowl n did not made a mess. If I had too much too drink..then why the Hell do I remember all this.!! that's because,  I was not toxicated at all!! I think ur mgmt n security guard did so poorly judging me that I was belligerent n not able to contempt myself just because I threw up in the ladies rm. Thx, blue martini for ruining my 40th bdy n made me think that ur night club will be an epic place to be. I was looking forward to celebrate n enjoyed myspecial day that night with my family but instead worst time of my life. A night that I will never forget..disappointed place to celebrate ur special day. Ur security guard looked at me like I was being belligerent n can't handle myself. Again, u can't judge a person just the way they look n act. Understand, protocol n security of others is ur priority. But also need to realize ur lounge serving alcohol will not expect that customers will not get drunk. I felt humiliated getting escorted by ur security which until now.. still trying to find out WHAT I DID WRONG THAT NIGHT.Ur security need much training when to act or escort people out on how much they've drink. He judge me so poorly that I was not able to handle myself. I did not trash ur place, bother anyone nor I vomited in front of everyone. Not my recommendation to celebrate special day coz they judge u on how u look if u had too much to drink. My 1st time getting kicked out on my 40th bdy n in Vegas.. Way to go Blue Martini... this should be negative zero star but not able to post my reviews if i don't click at least a star."