b"I loved this place because I had amazing health insurance at the time so I happily paid $400 for 2 pairs of glasses which would have cost us $1500 out of pocket. I liked their frame selection because they carry Gucci, Dior, & Oliver People's but they are TERRIBLE at doing lenses. If you have bad eyesight and actually need glasses to do their job, do not come here. My husband and I both got the poly-carbonate lenses with anti-glare and I was so disappointed by the quality. I needed my glasses adjusted when I got them (as everybody does) and the crappy lab that these people send their glasses to put on a cheap layer of anti-glare so that when they're adjusted, they literally melt and smear!!! Who does that!? I've been wearing glasses for 10 years now and have never had to deal with something so ridiculous. After my first fitting and my lenses got smeared, they sent them back and received the second pair a week and a half later. Those got smeared during the adjustment process too. Those were sent back and on my 3rd pair, the people realized that they'll have to put a cloth over the lenses to not get them too hot so they won't smear. What a hassel! This place is so far from my house and every time I need adjustments, I have to come back here in hopes that my lenses won't smudge and I'll be screwed out of glasses. I've had those glasses since last February and about 6 months in, the anti-glare began rubbing off at the bottom and continued to do so until my frames snapped two nights ago. My husband's anti-glare actually got smudged because he left his glasses out in the car one day and then tried to clean them. This place offers a one year warranty on their lenses so they replaced them for free, but it was still an incredible inconvenience. I will never recommend anybody nor return here again. My father-in-law also purchased a pair of glasses here and had the same problem of the anti-glare wearing after a couple of months. So cheap. Go across the street to Lenscrafters where you pay a little more but you only have to wait one hour instead of 1 month to get a pair of working glasses."