b"Actually my name is Aaron Sloan. My ex-wife was Erin S. Just clarifying so they know exactly who posted this. I have spent over 1000 dollars and still not finished from 6+k in damages from the estimate on my car that I left there on a Wednesday afternoon and Geico estimated 15 days to repair it and then was told it was done the next Tues.morning. Corners cut? Anyone with half of a brain would agree. I asked where's my new rim damaged in the accident? Oh sorry here is another Geico adjuster present standing next to my car. Owner says my adjuster Tom Fletcher is an asshole and that the guy present standing next to my car was fair and he said he would get me a rim. And the owner also promised the rim regardless and when I asked how much more to do some touch up paint work he said FREE! Long as I would bring my business to them, from now on.      He surely noticed that my inspection was up soon as he promised me BOTH! Then I NEVER heard another word from them again since Dec.2016. And still have not been able to afford to fix all of the damage done in the accident that they overlooked due to quick in and out. I had to buy a new battery 3 days later when my car wouldn't start. Whatever mechanic worked on my car forgot to plug in the power cord to my new radiator cooling fan and my car overheated and had to spend money to get a diagnosis why it was overheating and was a simple wire not plugged in. So also proof it was never even tested to see if the new fan worked . This was a front end collision and then I had and still have a loud clicking sound coming from my front wheel where the rim wasn't replaced.  When I took it elsewhere for inspection soon after due to no reply from multiple messages left for the owner gone without a reply? Rather than bother with them after speaking with an ex-employee, I realized I was screwed.  So then I had a broken tie rod not noticed or added to my estimate and anyone knows you need an alignment when you replace a tie rod so another 300 bucks total.     But still have the clicking noise or loud tapping and my friend said it's either The CV joint or a bent control arm. But couldn't tell without it on a lift . So now will end up spending a fortune to finally get my car back to perfect operating condition like it was before one of their tow truck drivers just happened to be standing there in downtown Pittsburgh during rush hour with a walkie.  Waiting to prey on me. But I still haven't gotten to the most corrupt part.  Geico paid them from my estimate to recharge my A.C. since it was obvious that it was routine when my radiator, cooling fan, and coolant tank were all destroyed. But guess what happened when I went to actually USE my A.C. a couple months later once winter broke? Hot air. So I took it to Ryan's Auto/Goodyear in Moon. Twp., and explained everything to them. They said well I can't imagine they would have not recharged your system with refrigerant.  So I paid for a diagnosis and dye ran thru the system and nice of them to only charge me 75 bucks and guess what? Cold air!!! NO LEAKS! SO THEY NEVER EVEN RECHARGED MY A.C. Crooks! And guess what else ? I AM AN UBER DRIVER FOR 2PLUS YEARS NOW AND UBER HAS THEIR TEST TRACK BLOCKS AWAY FROM THIS SHOP IN HAZELWOOD JUST BEHIND THE RAILROAD TRACKS! I have driven Uber employees there too many times to count and as well as them? I tell ALL of my riders to NEVER take their car here no matter what."