b'I wouldn\'t recommend this hotel to a homeless person. The staff is incredibly rude and lazy. Did not feel very welcoming. The check in line was around the corner and actually has a sign that says check out instead of check in. Other ppl like myself stood in a line that next to it that said ace check in which apparently was the wrong line. Please switch the signs if you don\'t want your customers confused. Was told I\'d be charged for a specific resort fee when indeed I was charged an extra $8 every day from the original total. Didn\'t receive any type of paperwork indicating what time check out was so they refunded me only half of my $61.48 resort fee. Asked the manager working 8-24-16 if he could please refund the difference because I did not receive awake up courtesy call and the staff failed to provide any information besides how much everything was. The manager was very rude!!! Couldn\'t believe the type of service I was receiving. Just another way to make money. I\'ll GLADLY give my money elsewhere. The hotel room was terrible as well. No microwave or coffee maker. The bathroom was so small it would be hard for an ant to fully turn around in. All the money they scheme and take from others you would think their pool would be bigger but it\'s actually the size of a puddle plus it looked unclean. You can\'t even enjoy the smelly casino that smells that toilet water because you have their time share contract workers harassing you constantly and daily. Don\'t even bother asking the lazy, non working, incompetent employees for help. They are not friendly or approachable. I\'m still very upset and annoyed how they took my money because of checking out "late" When no where in the hotel or the employees bothered to tell me. But of course they pretty much told me it was my fault. Their customer service skills are non existence. I left downstairs to grab a bite to eat and when I came back upstairs my room was "clean" by housekeeping. I strongly believe housekeeping stole several items from me. Had to start using the safe and putting the do not disturb sign on my door. Expressed my concerns to management and of course they seemed uninterested. The staff as a whole are all completely USELESS. Their restrooms are filthy. I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN. And if anyone ask about this hotel I will refer them somewhere else! You guys will never ever get a penny from me, my friends, family, or other ppl who ask me about this hotel. Extremely rude, uneducated, lazy staff. Get under new management!'