b"I had an awful experience at RRBC and I will never return again. Unfortunately, this was one of my favorite places to go, they have great food and beer. Yesterday I was there on a Sunday afternoon. The CAVS were about to play and I was excited about Kyrie returning. I asked the bartender if they could switch one of the TV's to show the CAVS games. All the TV's were displaying football games. The bartender went back and asked her manager for permission to change the channel. She got the ok, so I decided to stay and ordered food and a beer. Not to long after, a few gentlemen were upset that the TV's were switched to the CAVS game. They are all wanted to watch the Browns game, which had not even started yet. The owner came out yelling asking who wanted to watch the CAVS and seemed very upset. I felt extremely uncomfortable. My friend and I were not the only people who requested to watch the CAVS game. If it was a problem, I would have just left to another bar with no problem. They made us feel terrible. To top it off, the gentleman next to me was practically screaming in my ear and was in my person space. He then asked if I could move down a seat so a buddy of his could sit with him, and I told him no because the only TV displaying the CAVS games was in front of me and I did not want to move and not be able to see the game. I was there first and should not have to move. As soon as I said no the man got upset and was very rude to me. Starting talking bad about me to his friends and called me names. It was just unacceptable. After all that the owner and the older men at the bar kept talking crap about us wanting to watch the CAVS vs the Browns. Last time I checked the CAVS is a winning team and the Browns are not. I love Cleveland sports and if there was not a CAVS game on, I would have been happy to watch the Browns game. As I sat there trying to enjoy my meal, I felt horrible and uncomfortable. I even lost my appetite. Like I said this is a great place, but unfortunately, I will no longer give them my business. It may not be much money they lose, but I hope other people read this and decide not to go as well. I feel as though the owner should not have treated us that way. You are there to run a business and make your customers happy, not make them feel like crap. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that I am a woman, who knows. Again, I will never ever return to this place again."