b'Oh jamba... first of all some background. I have been coming to this locations for 10 years. As a 23 year old that is a big deal for me. I have never had a company that provided a product consistently at a reasonable price other than jamba juice, so i thought. My sister worked here for 2 years and i am friends with a handful of now previous employees. The customer service is horrific, when i walk in and ask for the order that i called in, if you dont hear me you could simply ask "Excuse me sir i missed what you had said" instead i got "WHAT?!" Now i get it with the blenders running it can get pretty noisy, and had i been an elderly person whom may have a hard time hearing i could understand you yelling at me. However i am very obviously a young man with great listening abilities and would\'ve heard yoh no problem had you just repeated yourself in the same tone. Not that you knew this but i work in a professional kitchen and am very skilled in tuning out background noise to communicate. As for the next part this is what really set me off and decide to never come back. I called in my order because i was on my way to work and assumed that if i called my order in i would be in and out. Instead after moving past the fact that im paying to be treated like on of your home girls, i stand at the juice pick up waiting for nearly ten minutes watching 3 girls continue workiing around me.  I was the only customer in the building and you could easily finish the dishes after i leave a satisfied customer. However i stood there waiting for a drink that i knew was already made sitting in the cooler as the person making the drinks wiped down her station. I had to go back to the register to find the girl that checked me out on her phone and when she was done she looked up at me and i had to ask if my drink was ready or if they needed to make it. Ever since Haley Hinds left the management has been on an exponential decline. At least when Stephanie Hasse worked there the other employees worked their butts off because fore mentioned employees created an enviroment of almost retail proportion. As an employee you should be in my face helping me or communicating with me to ensure that i come and go a satisfied customer. Instead you will probably read this and say.... "WHAT?!"'