b"I came here for one reason, the free Sunday paper. I love free stuff. Even if it appears to be absurd, like a Sunday paper. The deal is, you spend five dollars and they give you a two dollar Wisconsin Sunday paper. Okay, so know you know how I ended up here, let me tell you all about the magnificent Metcalfe's.It is just a supermarket. Not of a Safeway variety, but a Gelson's or Bristol Farms variety. Despite the many Yelpers who proclaimed that this is expensive, its not expensive. If you are buying toilet paper or paper towel here, it is expensive, but it is no more expensive on food than anyone else. I don't care about some Brat Fest, I don't even care about brats. Cheese is just cheese, in fact, if you have been to cheese stores in New York and Paris, you realize everything else pales in comparison. In fact, everything pales to New York and Paris anyway.Back to the review. The store is well laid out, clean, the produce appeared fresh. It was early on a Sunday morning, but a lot of the prepared foods were already out. They looked good, but I don't buy prepared foods in a supermarket, unless its Wegmans, but that isn't a supermarket, its nirvana. Thus I can not assess the prepared section. I do buy baked goods, and it is on this basis that the store failed. As I was walking down the bakery aisle, I noticed a slice of white cake. I love white cake. The soft, dewy white cake, enrobed in creamy butter cream frosting *cue the angels and ethereal music* Anyway, as part of my five dollars, I bought a 2.49 piece of white cake. *gag* How much sugar do you people eat? The cake was okay, but the frosting was just a sugary, you could taste the granules, nightmare. This is not white cake!!There was nothing wrong with the store, but if your bakery sucks, it is a good indication that the other prepared foods are not going to be very good and there are also some other flaws. I didn't see anything that was unique or that would make me want to come here. There wasn't any Bell and Evans Chicken. I did see they sold Boar's Head cold meats, which is always a plus, but is it worthy of five stars? No.Sorry Mr. and Mrs. Metcalfe (or whomever you are), work on the bakery, let me know and I will come back and re-evaluate you again."