b'I call it Central Avenue Hiking Trail.  I\'ve heard folks call this the Bridle Path, but there are a lot more running shoes and strollers than riding boots and saddles.NOBODY says Murphy Bridle Path, except maybe some grisly old dudes munching stogies and kicking out women at Phx Country Club."there are no brides either so all the times you see it referred to as Bridal Path is wrong. " Artur C.   ell oh ell 8^ DI really love this path.  I like going out into wilderness more than strolling through the city\'s center, but THERE\'S SHADE ON THIS TRAIL !!!   Yea!If you were to go all heat stroke it wouldn\'t take a helicopter to extract you!   Yea!Lots of friendly people of various hobbies and fitness levels, and a Boy Scout troop (I cannot recall the name of to give credit to) has even continued to supply the doggie mitt boxes with real pick-up bags, even though the city of Phoenix has stopped supplying them to all of the dog parks.At the north end of the path, you are a little south of Dunlap ave, near Corbin\'s and Bombero\'s, and at a crossroads with the Trail going along the Canal.  You can park in the lot at Senior Villa Mexican Restaurant [*Edit: Formerly this mexican rest, but now the new Central Grille at 8525 N Central*].  If you want to start further south, then there are plenty of churches where you can prob park, but this restaurant is not open in the early part of the day, so even on weekends, this is a nice place to park.  Lock up!  Despite your surroundings, and those even more posh further to the south, you are only a 5 minute walk from downtown Sunnyslope. On the southwest side of the canal, there\'s a house with it\'s back wall bordering the canal path.  The folks here have built a few Guard Towers for their little dog, and s/he gets to runs up the steps to see over the wall and bark at whomever is going by.  NEAT and FUN for that dog, but was a little distracting to my dogs, who wanted to eat that yappy little....)Only trouble I had: once you\'re down the road a bit further south on Central, you are moving past various houses, estates, and condominiums, and are no longer near any of those restaurants up near Dunlap, however there is a distinct odor of DIRTY SPENT FRYER GREASE all up and down the path.  I wonder if the city sprays a petroleum product on the unpaved path to keep dust down?  I hope not; they did that on my street as a kid in Detroit, and anyone who walked on it barefoot got blisters, cracking, and peeling skin.  Blech!  Even if I lived near here, I\'d rather have the dust, and I don\'t want that on my dogs feet, either. One reason I\'d use this path in the summer is that with all the nice sized shade trees, you don\'t need to get your dog booties.  Pick up after your dogs.  What\'s with the people who tie it up in a baggie, but then leave the baggie?'