b'How can only one other person have reviewed Childsplay?  Are yelpers not parents as well?  Ok, technically, I\'m not a parent by biological means.  I\'m a Step-Mom.  The friggin\' best Step-Mom you\'re ever gonna meet!  I\'m recommended by 100% of my step-children and their father as well.Sorry, enough about me.  Let\'s talk about how great I am to have taken my youngest Steppie to see "Peter and the Wolf."  Thanks to her Music teacher, who teaches to the only class of redeeming value being taught in the "Excelling" Scottsdale Unified School District, dear Steppie has fallen in love with Sergei Prokofiev\'s "Peter and the Wolf."  She will hum the different instruments\' parts while riding in the back seat of the car and will yell out, "Guess which animal that was!"  She\'s adorable.  There I go on another tangent.  Apologies.  When I saw that Childsplay was offering this adaptation of PATW, I figured it was time to expose the child to a little culture and the great world of...The Stage!  It was presented at Tempe Center of the Arts (which will receive a positive review from me when time allows) in their Studio.  This offered an excellent, up-close view of the little stage from pretty much and seat in the house.The actors and their costumes really made this a treat for both kids and adults.  As any Muppet Movie of the 1980s will exemplify, the presentation must be entertaining more to the children\'s parents than to the children themselves.  Why?  If we A-dults sufficiently hate the means of entertainment that our little ones enjoy ever so much, we will find ways for said means to be accidentally, say, sucked up by the vacuum, or buried in the litter box, or somehow otherwise rendered unplayable.  Even if it means seeing the pall of disappoint envelop their cherubic faces, it also means never hearing that damn, purple dinosaur sing another creepy, mind-consuming ditty.The cast was made up of truly talented and enthusiastic artists.  Sure, there was a bit of "over-acting," but this was a Childsplay production, not a staging of "Remains of the Day."  The costuming was brilliant, detailed, and full of color and texture.  And the Q and A session held after the performance allowed for the children to come up to the stage to speak to their favorite characters, ask questions about method-acting and stage production, etc.Completely affordable and a fun afternoon that my step-daughter is still talking about six weeks later.'