b"I like to think that fast food and barbeque are two separate things that should never be mixed; the idea of getting a decent barbeque sandwich through a drive through window seems like an impossibility to me.  However, when the bartender at the awesome strip mall wine bar told me about this place you could get buggalo of food for less than a five spot, I was sold.  Cook Out is an anomaly among fast food places in that its menu has everything you could ever want, or at least everything I could ever want (sans corn nuggets).  Cook Out offers the boring old hamburger thing but don't let that distract you- opt for the BBQ.  For less than $5, you get your own picnic.  My plate had a hockey puck sized portion of pulled pork, a couple fingers of hush puppies, fries, and slaw. The chronic pulled pork was super moist considering it was 1 AM, and came topped with Texas Pete's.  Although it was delicious, isn't Carolina BBQ supposed to be heavy on the sauce?  The hush puppies were okay (more breading than bread), and the fries forgettable.  When it comes to cole slaw, I am a snob but Cook Out's slaw was surprisingly good; it was house made and very dry, but I mean that in a good way.   It's also worth mentioning that you can get a corn dog as a side.  I don't know why, but as a Southern gentleman, I agree with and salute that.  How Cook Out really let me get my jollies was the drink menu.  Cheerwine- my god, if I ever make a lot of money I'm putting a fountain of that crack drank in my house.  If you're from out of town, drink up because that stuff can only be found in North Carolina.  They also have about 40 different kinds of milkshakes available, including seasonal ones.  The winter shake is eggnog but apparently they only have that one in December.  The fact that they have a watermelon shake in the summer blows my mind.  Be warned though, the shakes are thick like a Petey Pablo video girl- you'll need a spoon, or at least a boba tea straw.  As I said, the idea of a fast food BBQ joint just doesn't do it for me, but Cook Out pulls together the concept beautifully.  It's like if Jesus and Allah got along and then made a baby.  A beautiful mixed baby named Cook Out."