b"All I can say about Rimrock Bar & Grille is that they make one hell of a great burger. We had just landed in Phoenix and we're staying at the Hilton Phoenix Airport location and we were so hungry because we skipped on eating Airline Food. The only problem was that it was right before midnight when we checked in and the only dining option in the hotel was this place called Rimrock Bar & Grille which had a pretty good looking menu which consists of typical bar food. It was ten minutes till midnight and as me and my wife walked in, I saw that look of terror on their faces as they were about to close up. I know the feeling of someone walking in right before closing to grab a bite to eat, but I was desperate so i had to have the courage to ask if they were still serving food and the bartender Lori was more than happy to honor our request which made me a very happy and hungry customer. I was really craving for a Burger and what caught my eye was the Jett Lagged Burger$14.50 which was made with Applewood Smoked Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, and an Over Easy Egg. Being from Hawaii anything with an Over Easy on it is golden for me. As for this Burger, let's just say I have eaten  Burgers all over the world, and this Burger has to be one of the Best Burgers I have ever eaten. What makes a great burger to me is the bun, and at Rimrock, the bun looked something like a Brioche Bun which perfectly sopped up all the juices from the Beef Patty and Over Easy Egg. The Burger was cooked to perfection and was amazing from the first bite to the last. If I ever stayed at the Phoenix Airport Hilton again, this would be the first thing I would order without a doubt. I also ordered the Buffalo Chipotle Wings which was good but a little too spicy for my taste. We also had the Strawberry Quinoa Salad which my wife said was a great tasting salad but a little too healthy for me.  Also, I had a Draught Beer which was perfect with my Burger but j forgot the name of it. All I can say is that Jett Lagged Burger from Rimrock is something that is on my mind when I'm craving an amazing burger.."