b"Can you believe this place used to be a ghetto Coffee Time donut shop? Well they cleaned this place up right nice and after months of passing by, I finally had the opportunity to stop in for a meal.When we arrived our reserved table wasn't ready so we started off with a cocktail at the bar. I tried the Diablo, which was a tequila based beverage with a red color and a pretty good flavour overall. We were shortly moved into our table, and we got to begin the fun of choosing what to eat and drink. We found a nice bottle of riesling for $50, and then started with orders of the house made baguette, prosciutto, warmed olives, and 60 day aged beef tartare with truffle sauce. This was my first time delving into the world of beef tartare, and to be honest I wasn't a fan until I wrapped a piece of prosciutto around it. The rest of the apps were good though, and an enjoyable start to our meal although not necessarily memorable.On to the mains... I went with the Braised Lamb Shank in Pork Belly Hash, which was just next level awesomeness. We're talking food orgasm territory (orgaslamb?). Perfectly cooked and the flavours just complimented itself so well, this is definitely one of the best plates I've eaten in years. My dining companion ordered the Campagnolo Cassoulet, which was composed of duck confit and a spicy garlic sausage on a bean medley type thing. I was able to sample a bit and the duck was also top notch, and while the sausage had a homemade and heavily seasoned vibe it wasn't as good but still decent.Only a couple options for dessert and neither spoke to us given how much food we had eaten already.The ambience was nice and the servers were friendly and knowledgable, but my date pointed out something which I didn't think too much of at first, but had some truth to it that I thought more about as the meal went on. The servers were all rather casually dressed. The kitchen staff, the bartender, and the hostess were all dressed well. The actual servers were wearing denim jeans and flannel or cowboy styled collared shirts. Perhaps it is to keep the approachable and down to earth feeling rather than pretentious and elitist, but there is definitely some merit to the thought that when dropping a couple hundred on dinner bill, perhaps the servers shouldn't be more under dressed than the customers.All in all, probably closer to 4.5 than 4 stars, and the Lamb Shank Pork Belly Hash was one of the best meals I've ever eaten, but it was not an overwhelming win throughout the whole experience, thus earning the 4. Still, easy to understand why En Route Magazine listed this place as one of Canada's Top 10 New Restaurants in 2011, and definitely an easy place to recommend."