b'Just spent nearly five nights (left on a red eye on the fifth night) at Planet Hollywood Towers and we had an AMAZING time. In a nutshell, this place is clean, modern and probably the best bang for your buck on the strip.We (my husband and I) went to Vegas for the first time over the New Year\'s holiday with two of our friends who have been before. I was a little hesitant about booking this hotel because I was under the impression it was "off the strip". In reality, it is slightly off the strip, but connected easily through the Miracle Mile shops which lead right out to the strip. Having the Miracle Mile shops were actually a good thing because we had several great meals (see other reviews) and everything that you could need was easily accessible including food, bars, shopping and the casino.FIRST IMPRESSIONUpon arrival, we were extremely impressed with our room. The four of us stayed in a one bedroom suite with an adjoined king bedroom. We ended up paying about $400 per person for the hotel and we all felt that it was well worth it. If we were younger and cared less about personal space, we could have easily fit a total of 8 people which would have cut the cost in half.SIDE NOTE: We ended up getting a AAA membership to save an additional $200 on the room rate. The membership was only $60...As mentioned in other reviews, this is a smoke free hotel, which is a huge plus on my list. One of our friends is a smoker and I think she was content with the smoking area off of the lobby. It is just a trip down the elevators, on the right, out the door. THE ROOMAs mentioned, the decor is very modern and well maintained. I\'m a total clean-freak and this place was spotless. The suite amenities did not disappoint and included; full kitchen with seating for six around a raised table, large sofa sectional, projector TV, jacuzzi tub, huge bathroom...The only disappointing aspect of our room was the view of the parking lot. Others mentioned an option to upgrade to higher floors with a view for an extra $10 a night, which we totally thought was worth it, but after calling the hotel several times before check-in, this can only be done upon arrival. We arrived around 6:00pm on the Thursday before New Year\'s and were disappointed to find out that all of the higher rooms were occupied by timeshare holders, so we were stuck with the 12th floor. Even still, we didn\'t spend all that much time in the room (other than early morning and our scheduled mid-day naps) and while we were in the room, we usually kept the shades down anyway. Had we had a better view, maybe this would have been different.Ladies, don\'t waste the space in your suitcase for a hairdryer because the ones provided work great. Not those little ones that are stuck to the wall, but a full size, regular hairdryer.THE NEGATIVESThe housekeeping system at this hotel is very strange...since we had an adjoined room, it was really two rooms. One housekeeper was assigned to the smaller room and another was assigned to the suite. This wouldn\'t have been such a big deal, but one day, the room was cleaned and the suite wasn\'t, so we had over flowing garbage and ran out of toilet paper. When we asked the woman who was cleaning the room, she said that she wasn\'t assigned to the suite and that someone else would show up...but they never did. We called down to housekeeping, but they still didn\'t come until the next day.I had a FedEx package (containing my New Year\'s Eve dress) sent to the hotel. I was on edge waiting for it New Year\'s Eve day hoping that it would get there. Since you have to pay for Internet, we just decided to use our cell phones. I checked my phone around 1:00pm and it said the package was delivered at 9:30am. I thought that was a long time to be waiting for the package, but it was New Year\'s day and they were busy. I had to contact the front desk and they immediately sent someone to find my package and had it delivered to our room.We had food delivered to the hotel (details below) and the bellhop was USELESS and RUDE. We ended up coordinating among us to carry three cases of water, case of Coke, case of Corona and a bunch of grocery bags to avoid waiting for an eternity and giving him a tip.All-in-all...nothing tragic.THE MUST DOsThanks to another review we read, we ordered a few staple groceries, snacks and beverages using Vons.com to be delivered to the hotel. This was one of the best decisions we made because we saved money and time. There are ABC stores in the Miracle Mile shops, but they are a bit pricey and have a limited selection. Ordering from Vons.com is like ordering directly from a grocery store that carries liquor. IF YOU DON\'T DO ANYTHING ELSE...DO THIS.'