b"I just recently moved into a one bedroom apartment here at elevation on central. I had been searching for the perfect community for quite some time and when I toured elevations I knew this was the place for me! It is brand new and absolutely gorgeous for one! The leasing office staff is always helpful, happy, and accommodating to me and my family. The area around elevations is filled with locally known family owned restaurants, ice cream shops, and coffee shops. Lastly, and for most important i always feel safe in my apartment as well as in the parking garage area while walking to my place. All I can say is that I am beyond happy that I chose to live here! if you decide on elevation on central you won't be disappointed!update!!!!July 7th, 2017i am updating my review because much has changed here at elevations after graystar sold to pillars. the management team is MUCH different than when i moved in, not for the better. i was not concerned with safety at all when i first moved in because i had never run into anyone or anything shady and things seemed to be secure. however, when i came into the building about 3 months ago and their was a poster posted on the doors notifying residents of an assault on property i was shocked! apparently, the intruder came in through a breeched exterior door. since then i have obviously been a lot more cautious and alert. the most recent scare happened about 4 weeks ago when my fianc\xc3\xa9 and i were approached in the parking garage by a man yelling at us to let him in the building. i hated to be the apartment  police, but we didn't feel comfortable letting him in knowing that if he did really live here like he said he did, then he would know to go down to the leasing office and get a new key. it just didn't seem right so we told him we were sorry and to go down to the leasing office which he was NOT HAPPY about. we then got cussed at and flipped off as we exiting the parking garage and all the out onto highland as we tried to make a left onto camelback. i could not believe we were being verbally accosted in our own living space that we pay high dollar for. i then called elevations to let them know what had happened just in case the person was planning on repatriating and they didn't seem to care. after reading some of the other reviews, i cant help but to agree. it is really sad to read my previous review when i first moved in and see how i was obviously happy here. you would think pillars would care enough to fix the wrongs and help keep their residents feel safe and happy here. in the end, we are the ones who keep their units rented, yet they don't seem to care.UPDATE! august 14th, 2017after taking about a month to tour and look around at the latest and greatest apartments in the central and downtown phoenix area, it became very clear that for the price, square footage, location, and amenities, elevations is definitely the best bang for your buck in this area. the more toward scottsdale you go, the more $$ you will pay for less. I know that in my last review i was very disappointed in the level of security at elevations, however, since touring many other communities and making security one of my main questions, it appears that every other community has the same level of security if not less than elevations has to offer. as far as square footage for base rent, elevations has the best deal including a private parking space that is no extra charge. I looked and looked long and hard trying to find something better but, truth being told, i couldn't justify all of the headaches of moving for something not significantly better. long story short, i have decided to stay at elevations and since then i feel great about my choice and could not be happier here! after lowering my stars to 3 star, i am bringing it back up to 4 star now. no community is perfect, but elevations is very good for price & location!"