b"So I called this place for delivery while I was staying at the Rio. I had visited Hoover Dam, had ziplined from the rooftops of the Rio, bought a wedding dress, and had been walking around and my feet hurt. Once I got to my room at 9:00pm, the last thing I wanted to do was go back to the valet to get my car, or walk around the strip to find a place to eat because that would have taken time and I would have been hungry, cranky, starving and grumpy at 10:00pm while walking/driving around aimlessly trying to find a restaurant.Here comes yelp to save the day. At this point, I don't care who brings me food. There were some bad reviews but like I said, at this point in the evening, with hungry kids in the hotel room, who cares. So we placed our order over the phone and waited...They only deliver to the front valet drop-off area probably because they don't want to take the time to park and navigate the hotel to find your room. That's understandable. The delivery guy called when he was 5 minutes away. We were already waiting downstairs but that was a nice gesture to make things run as efficiently as possible. We expected a guy to roll up and toss us the food through the window but he didn't do that. We were focused on the cars and didn't even spot him until we realized there's a guy standing on the sidewalk across from us holding bags of food. We ordered the fried calamari, orange chicken with sauce on the side, wonton soup, wonton noodle soup, pad Thai, panang beef, crab fried rice, and extra steamed rice. The portions were generous, prices were reasonable, quality and taste were average. It was exactly an hour when the food arrived. I timed the exact moment we called in the order. I think that was pretty quick considering they had to make the food, package it, and drive it to us, all within that time frame. We forgot to ask for plates and they didn't ask us either. The only disappointment is that I expected lots of crab meat in the crab fried rice similar to OSHA Thai or at least some lump crab pieces but instead it was just fried rice topped with a scrambled egg/crab mixture. It also lacked the aromatic crabby smell which I love but overall, it did the job. It fed our starving party of 6 dinner in our hotel room and we still had enough leftover for a breakfast snack the next morning."