b"$65 for 5 classes at 3 hours each ... fantastic value!I really enjoyed my time at the lens factory.  Took the beginner / intermediate class and it was definitely more beginner than it was intermediate.  I also think the class is more geared towards those who own DSLRs than point and shoots.  I felt bad for the more advanced students in the class ... and by the end of the class, the number of students did taper off significantly.Another review mentioned that it was difficult to see the television screen from the back.  Well, when I took the class, there were two large high definition screens for the class to view the presentations.  If the class was filled to capacity it would be a little squishy but it was never full (except for the first day) so there was elbow and crossing leg room.Although the classes were informative, I wish there had been more practical critiques of our work.  The last class was particularly dull and impractical.  75% of the class was spent on the technical side of printing .  Something that would have been more helpful would have been to show us how to prepare our work to be printed i.e, cropping to proportion, fine tuning our editing, etc.  It would have also been nice to go through all the pictures submitted by our classmates so we could see each other's work.  Instead, only a few photographs were shown - even though everyone brought in their work.More homework assignments and time spent reviewing and critiquing homework would have made the classes more interesting and practical.  A lot of the time, the information in our handout/ presentation could have been reviewed in 30 - 45 minutes but it was dragged out.  I also found the most practical advice was given by one of my classmates who seemed to know everything about his camera, memory card, lens, filters, etc.  Thankfully we owned the same camera - I learned soooo much from him! I would definitely consider taking another class at the Lens Factory but I would be interested in trying a different class with a different instructor.  I wish we could have had the pleasure of having Len teach a few of our classes since others have commented so positively on his teaching style.  Oh, and on the last class, Len offered to provide us with a complimentary 16 * 20 print of our work!  :)  Yeah ... I loved my photography class at the Lens Factory :)  You should try it out too."