b'Yes, this place can be pricey but it was a great stay in Montreal.  We paid ~ $750 for three week nights in October.  Location:  Fabulous because it was near the quaint old town area with plenty of areas to stroll through and pick up breakfast.  1 block away from the metro stop and about 3 blocks from China Town.  About 5 blocks from the water front and Archeology museum.  Service:  Very friendly and tried to be professional but some odd answers to my questions.   They seemed to always try to sell their own restaurant whenever we wanted suggestions from the concierge...even when we asked to find St.Viateur for their famous bagels.  I also tried to get a room with a good view - one of the customer service reps said she would try, since the rooms were not ready when we arrived.  But then another service rep looked at her and mumbled something in French... She then said that our room does have a good view and then within the same sentence, said that really, there were not good views in this hotel.  Then, our toilet had very low water pressure so I called the front desk who said they would relocate us to another room. 15 minutes later, after frantically packing our things, a guy comes up to the room and says no other rooms are available and they would fix it in the a.m.   "A" for effort but "C" for the odd answers and possibly... lack of experience? Rooms:  Loved the brick walls and hard wood floors INSIDE the rooms - a lot of personality with very high ceilings.  Big bathroom with full bath.  Good blow dryer in the room, iron and board, umbrella, robes, iphone/ipod dock on radio.  Bed was a bit firm for me (I am soft biased) but otherwise comfy.  Fitness room:  small but my husband said was good enough - had cardio machines and weights.  We received a free drink voucher for their restaurant upon checkin.  Our friends also stayed in the hotel and opted to buy package deal that included 4 free metro passes and coupons... not sure how much more they spent but they also got a bigger room.'