b"I got married at Victoria's wedding chapel April 13 2013 I travel from Los Angeles. Let me start off by saying my experience was exceLLent it was a few minor things hat I didn't  understand but overall I had a great experience. Amber was my wedding coordinator and she was great every email that I sent her she always reply even for the little things she communicates well and she is very nice. The limo driver pick us up on Time and it was a smooth ride there and back by the way they threw the limo in for free. :-) . The DJ playing everyThing ThaT I requesTed and more. He was awesome He had tHe party going on all nigHt. The phoTographer Took a loT of good pictures I just wish I would have got a little more couple pictures verses reception pictures. This venue was nice and big enough for my party I had a guest count of 50 ppl.  I didn't get a chance to get a food testing before the wedding but I am pleased to say the food was great. And the wedding cAke wAs even better the downfall about the wedding cake was that I had a four tier cake and most of my guess had to leave before it was cut and all of that cake I only receive the top tier which is the smallest here I was expecting to take more cake home to some of my family members that couldn't make it. But oh well I had a good time.  Now the reason victorious wedding chapel didn't get a5 from Me is because my total package was 4700 that is with an upgrade on the cake and all of the things that I thought was included wasn't included like for example on the contract it states we will place a party favor at each person but they didn't say that I had to bring the party favors I was a little disappointed that I have to still work out and get those at the last minute luckily I came in a head of time. I also had to go run out and get a Guest Book in a box for the cards the box they had for the cards was unacceptable. I also brought in my own centerpieces the ones that came with my package just wasn't it and the upgrades were too expensive to be rended. Now they did provide me with extra tables for some extra things that I wanted to add like my candy bar. I also was disappointed when I walked in it look the same way as when I came to view it I thought maybe they would have balloons r something extra but it was exactly the same.  I think they should just be a little more specific when writing the contract But don't get me wrong it was still beautiful even though I had to add my extra touches.  And I would definitely recommend Victoria's wedding chapel to any of my friend's."