b"This is would my first experience at a Vietnamese fusion restaurant and I enjoy it. The instant you walk in, the layout feels like you are in a island tiki bar. Great service and we met the owner/chef. The daily special is written in a chalkboard which is located near every 50 ft of each table. Lobster Pho - Mkt price at $40. It was literally presented with a whole lobster over a bed of pho. The lobster meat was already deboned. The broth was fairly light in flavor and hearty. I ate the extremely spiced shrimp prior to consuming the lobster pho, therefore it was difficult for me to truly taste the pho.  It was good, but not mouth watering amazing. I probably won't order this in the future. It was a good experience and plain cool to try a lobster pho once in a lifetime. Oxtail Pho - It was a very generous portion of oxtail with pho. Once again, the beef broth was very light in flavor and in color. I've had oxtail where the soup was very thick and oily from the oxtail. I would order it again. razor clam - It was seasoned and stir fry, then it was placed back in the razor clam in a sizzling dish. One of my favorite dish and very tasty!!Shrimp with the District One special sauce - Sorta of like the shrimp from Hot n Juicy, but served in a plate and nicer presentation. The shrimp was a good size (bigger then hot n juicy) and the sauce was mild spicy and bit tangy. Will definitely order it again.Combo plate with Short rib with fried egg and kimchi - nothing special, it's good and average like any other good platter. The Short rib was tender and had a charcoal taste to it.Fish taco - hamachi sashimi with avocadom, cilantro, cherry tomatoe - Comes with 3 tacos that is about 2 bitesize. The fish was very fresh! Good flavor. Beef on asaparagus - pretty presentation with a large portion of beef wrapped on a full size stalk of asaparagus. Very generous portion and the meat was tender and tasty. Things I want to try in the future: the oxtail rice, belly bun, and slow braised pork belly in young coconut juice.Overall, the menu sounds very appealing and this is a very casual joint for an asian fusion cuisine. It's reasonably priced."