b"Came in Saturday night on St.Patty's day weekend. The place had an energetic vibe from the time we entered. The pub is split into two sections the dining room and bar side. Definitely sit on the bar side as that's where all the action is.We were lucky enough to snag the last available table in a cozy corner against a comfy leather banquet infront of a high table with the Leafs game playing on all the flat screen tvs.Our cheery waitress comes over to greet us and gives us time to go over the menus. She comes back to take our drink orders. Fionn is one of the few pubs that carry the only beer I drink so I felt the need to indulge.Fruli - Strawberry flavoured beer is served up cold in the bottle and is fruity & refreshing For Appetizer we decide to go with something a little differentBuffalo Chicken Meatball Skewers - Chicken meatballs tossed in our medium wing sauce, blue cheese drizzle. Served with celery sticks, medium wing sauce for dippingThree plump tender meatballs with a distinct chicken flavour not quite as juicy as a beef meatball but I loved the wing sauce. Just the right amount of heat and tang I couldn't help but dip every morsel in it. For main I decided to keep it IrishCorned Beef & CabbageLester's legendary corned beef, Montr\xc3\xa9al's favourite since 1931, cabbage, mustard,buttermilk mashed potatoesHuge portion, Tender corned beef, on a mountain chunky homemade buttermilk mashed potatoes. Great flavour, a true to stick to your ribs hearty meal!As soon as I saw the dessert menu I knew what I had to have!Red Velvet Donuts - Icing sugar, white chocolate sauce.This is a MUST have! These warm & plump sweet little donuts were simply heavenly! I'd take them over tiny tom donuts any day! *Don't forget to add some french vanilla ice cream for the ultimate hot & cold luscious finish to a fab mealOverall excellent service, wonderful food, Live band with great music after 10pm, and a fun atmosphere with a good crowd, Fionn definitely is a welcome gem in the Ajax area!"