b"One of the few places I've eaten where the burger actually looks like the one on the menu. There are a lot of restaurants in Charlotte that serves great burgers. But for me, the best burger i've had from any bar or restaurant was from Foster's Grille. What sets Foster's apart is that their burgers are cooked on a real grill over open flames which sears the outside of the burger, seals in the juices and adds a bit of smokiness.  Anybody who has tried to grill burgers on their grill at home would know that trying to get acheive a perfect sear is a tricky process, there's a thin line between a greasy undercooked burger and a burnt chunk of meat that looks more like a lump of coal than a burger. All burgers are made in hefty 1/2 pound patties and I was told by the manager that the patties are made from not only chuck, but also a mix of prime cuts of beef. I also like how the pickles and tomatoes are sliced thick, compared to other restaurants which I think slice their veggies with a lazer to cut them so thin. I love hand-cut fries, and Foster's Grille serves them as good as they can be. Idaho potatoes are cut fresh every morning, made to order and are served lightly seasoned with sea salt. Malt Vinegar is available at every table, right next to the ketchup, a defection from the all-american theme which could almost be regarded as treasonable, but I just hate ketchup so much that i prefer the malt vinegar...back to my review. Fries are great.Overall, this restaurant is a place I would visit on a regualar basis. The staff is friendly, restaurant is clean, family friendly atmosphere classic american decor, indoor and outdoor seating, lighting is bright,  and daily specials like free milkshakes, 50\xc2\xa2 wings, $2 pints, and bottomless fry-days. Prices are comparable to five guys The only thing that stopped me from giving Foster's Grille five stars is that they use gas instead of charcoal to grill the burgers, when it comes to grilling you can't beat the flavor that wood and charcoal provides. But other than that, Foster's Grille is a great place to eat"