b"I really like Canal Street.  As tourists, we went here many times.  As residents, we've only been here once in the last 11 years.  It was time to go back and see if it was as good as always and it was.The bread basket consisted of a couple of pieces of tasty lavash and two rolls, one a walnut and raisin and the other I don't know because I didn't want to fill up on bread.  The butter comes with a piece of processed cheese spread with grapes and cranberries.  Very tasty!I started with a house salad that comes with all entr\xc3\xa9es.  It's built almost like a small Cobb salad with greens in the middle and small mounds of diced tomato, bleu cheese, candied walnuts, hearts of palm, cucumber, and hard boiled egg around the perimeter.  I got bleu cheese dressing and the salad was very good.My main course was the 8 ounce filet done black and blue.  With the steak came some summer vegetables cooked very little.  They were crispy and they were good!  I ordered a salted baked potato as a side.  My steak was done perfectly and the baked potato with that rich salt was very, very good.For dessert, I got the Canal Street bread pudding with blueberries and a Bourbon whiskey vanilla sauce.  The bread pudding was different.   Not only was there the vanilla sauce, but the bread had a distinct chocolate infusion and there was chocolate sauce along with the vanilla.  Excellent.Service was very good.  Iced tea was refilled without asking, finished dishes were removed promptly, and there was adequate time between courses to relax and enjoy the surroundings.  I wasn't rushed nor was service slow.I like the room.  It has a New Orleans theme with one side being a mural.  In about an hour's time, the lights on the mural slowly dim and the fluorescent paint starts to glow with the blue lights and it looks like the lights in the mansion along the river or on the paddle wheel boat were turned on.  Then the lights slowly pick up and eventually it's daytime again.  I've always liked that ambiance and it was there again last night."