b"My husband and I had a late lunch/early dinner, nothing over the top, but not the usual 'chain' meal. Based on the reviews I read on yelp, we thought we'd give Trattoria Reggiano a go. We weren't disappointed. Never have walked through the maze of shops within and around The Venetian, so we enjoyed the stroll to find T.R. tucked into a small curve in The Grand Canal Shoppes.  We arrived around 5:00 and had our choice of dining 'in' or 'patio' (which basically means the wide side-walk of the shoppes). We joined two other parties on the patio (it's always entertaining to people watch in Vegas!). Warmly greeted by Amanda (who was fabulous); gave us time to look over the menu. I wasn't sure about the chianti served by the glass and she offered to get me a sample. Pleasantly surprised to find it was a nice little chianti and was poured a very full glass of wine ($11).   Hubby and I decided on a starter of Filet Mignon Meatballs ($12) since many reviews highlighted them; very good start to the meal. Good flavor, great sauce, and nicely proportioned.  For dinner, my husband order the Salsiccia pizza ($15) while I, based on Amanda's suggestion, tried the special of  mushroom fettuccine ($16).  In the meantime, the home made garlic rolls arrived (yummy) along with the above mentioned meatballs. May I add...the leftover pomodoro sauce from the meatballs is amazing with the garlic rolls. Hey, we're on vacation, calories and carbs don't count, right?  Our entrees were served within 12-15 minutes.  My husband enjoyed his pizza - especially the pieces of fresh garlic that were cooked in the pizza sauce. Said it had very good flavor although it didn't look anywhere as good as it tasted. The crust was nicely browned; crisp but a nice soft center. However, he agreed that my dish was definitely better.  The pasta was cooked slightly al dente (perfect); the sauce was delicious and not too overwhelming (as I've had at other restaurants); and the mushrooms gave a wonderful depth and texture to the dish.  Amanda had said it was her favorite meal but typically is only served once a month. Lucky me - it was wonderful. The pizza was enough for two as was my pasta. As we (luckily) have a hotel room with a kitchenette, we took the leftovers with us.  Nice late night snack after spending an evening in the casino, lol.  The ambiance of T.R. is quite nice; quaint vibe of a Italian cafe much like you see when visiting Italy. As we visited for an early dinner on a Monday night (10/8/12), there was seating available. But leaving an hour later, all the tables were full and I noted some people waiting. If you're looking for some good Italian food, in a casual setting, with some top-notch service, you'll want to visit Trattoria Reggiano."