b'This is a great place to take your pet because they truly seem to care about the well being of the animals that come through the door as well as reassuring and listening to worried pet owners.I took my cat here on a Saturday morning. We arrived about 8:45am, and were able to get into the office even though they officially do not starting seeing patients until 9am. The check in process is to have people take numbers off the front desk and wait to be called. Arriving 15 minutes early meant that we were number 14. Waited about 10 minutes to be called up and checked in. Waited about 20-30 minutes to actually be seen by a doctor. My only complaints here are the noise level and some people not paying attention to their pet in the waiting room. It is sometimes difficult to hear your pets name being called if you are on the opposite side of the waiting room and multiple dogs are barking. It is also pretty annoying that some people let their dog run up to other dogs/cats/people and let them jump up on them or otherwise get way too close. I\'m pretty sure this is what but my cat even more on edge than she already was.We saw a very nice, female vet. I do not recall her name, but she was very sweet and nice to my cat who really, really did not want to be there. The vet and her tech had to use a large towel to subdue my cat because she has her claws and was not in the mood to be touched. They were both very nice to my pet and me. The vet explained what she thought was wrong and what treatment options there were. I have to be honest and say that I was so worried about my cat clawing the vets face off that I had to have her tell me the treatment options a couple of times because I wasn\'t listening.The physical examination was pretty limited and lasted about 10 minutes. My cat received a shot, eyedrops and vitamin "treats". For all of this I paid $105.00. I can\'t complain too much, but I still felt for the service it was a little expensive. However, I truly appreciate the care they give to the animals that come there.So far, my cat seems to be getting better. The pros far out weigh the cons at this vets office. They are great vets and really seem to care about both animals and humans alike.'