b'I can\'t believe I\'m saying this, but I think I just ate the highest quality burger of my life at a place where you have to order at the counter and the burger only cost $9. I was immediately impressed upon ordering at Bang Bang Burgers. I ordered the hangover burger, and they not only asked how I wanted my burger (can choose from medium to well-done) but the worker even asked how runny I wanted the fried egg and then if I wanted it sunny side up or if they should flip it over easy. My buddy asked for mustard, and they even asked whether he wanted regular yellow, dijon, whole grain, or honey mustard. I added sweet potato fries for the $1 upcharge because I love sweet potato fries, paid my $10 and waited. I must say I was a little disappointed that I had to wait 15 minutes for the burger, but after first bite I had no more complaints!I don\'t know what\'s in Pat LaFreida\'s beef mixture, but it was the highest quality beef in a burger I\'ve ever ordered. The bun was ridiculously soft as well. The egg was cooked perfectly, but the burger lacked any flavor from the small slice of cheese or the bacon hash unfortunately. Despite that, the amazing quality still made this burger awesome. The sweet potato fries were by far the best sweet potato fries I\'ve ever eaten, and I love sweet potato fries so that says a lot. They were crispy which so many places cannot accomplish and had a balance of sweetness from the fries and salt that was perfect. They came with a decent maple sauce, but I didn\'t dip very many because they were honestly better on their own. I must say, the bang bang sauce that comes on the side of the burgers is incredible though. It\'s similar to a Thousand Island dressing without the pickle relish, but something about it just makes it so much better and slightly sweeter. Overall, I probably wouldn\'t order the hangover again and would choose a more flavorful/interesting option. I would also recommend going with a double if you\'re hungry because each patty is only around 4 ounces. Despite these slight "drawbacks", the quality of the meat and bun stood out so much that I think any burger here would be amazing and for a pretty solid price as well.'