b'I\'ve been massaged in 4 states by dozens of masseuses over ten years. I have received sports massages, Swedish and deep tissue. I consider La Vida to be a very good facility and Angel to be a very competent therapist. For more than 6 months I have gone once every 3-4 weeks.I work out regularly and consider a massage a great way to heal sore muscles and low back pain from sitting at a desk all day. After my old therapist moved to Florida, I began the annoying process of trying new ones. Some have trouble dialing up or down the pressure. Some can\'t get the low back pain out like others. Some reek of cigarette smoke. Some are lazy, using one hand at a time instead of two.Then I found Angel, who is quite competent. If you wanna chat, she\'ll chat. If you want quiet relaxation, she\'ll put you at ease. If you say "I hurt here", she will solve it. I consider one of Angel\'s attributes to be the fact she can dial up or down pressure just BARELY, and maintain that. She can find where it hurts and, due to her through knowledge of fascia and layers of tissue, massage the pain away. After repeat sessions, she understands I need more pressure on the right side of my spine than my left. Angel\'s ability to meet her clients needs combined with her through knowledge of muscle and fascia along with the ability to maintain consistent pressure make her an extremely competent therapist.If Angel is busy or sick, Ivan is a fantastic alternative. He\'s an A in my book, with Angel an A+. Edit: Forgot to mention, Ivan\'s strengths are deep tissue and neck work. If your neck specifically is killing you or you need real deep tissue, Ivan is your man.La Vida is an upper middle / yuppie chain massage location with ample parking. I feel strongly that these are superior to middle brow chain massage places (such as Massage Envy) and superior to upscale spas (such as Sewickly or Seven Springs or Esspa). Simply put, La Vida has lots of returning clients and as such, a steady stream of business and competent and calm massage therapists with little turnover.'