b'Boyfriend and I don\'t really gamble (tho, I do occasionally play some Blackjack or Poker), so when we come to Vegas, it\'s usually for a different reason -- wedding, or, most recently, Boyfriend\'s show at the Double Down saloon. Thus, we actually PREFER a hotel with no casino in it. I got a Travelzoo rate several months ago for $109/nt for a King Suite with a view.When we arrived, check-in was VERY efficient and speedy. Our room was on the 55th floor and we had a view straight down the Strip. The room was spacious and had a well-equipped kitchenette (including Sub Zero mini fridge, Bosch microwave and Cuisinart toaster and blender). The bathroom had a huge marble shower and separate Jacuzzi bathtub, double marble sinks and a flatscreen TV INSIDE of the mirror! The furnishings are very clean and modern and the room felt luxurious.The best part of the entire room was the bed! It was easily the most comfortable bed I\'ve ever slept in -- IN MY LIFE! The front desk told me they are made by Stearns & Foster specially for Mr. Trump, but that he thinks something similar is available through the company. The sheets were high TC and the pillows and comforter were lofty and plump. The hotel also offers a 4 p.m. late checkout for no additional charge, which was perfect since we were out until 4 a.m. the night before.My complaints are extremely minor: no call-down service for the valet (but the wait was usually only about 10 minutes), no free WiFi ($12/day is a little steep and I felt it should have been included), no additional toiletries like mouthwash or toothpaste and the shampoo/conditioner wasn\'t very high quality. Boyfriend also thought there should be some sort of rubber mat for the shower, since it was all marble and was very slippery once wet. My only other comment is that the lobby is a little bit gauche (but, it\'s Vegas...what lobby isn\'t?!).All in all, I thought this was a FANTASTIC value and, as I said, the best bed I\'ve experienced in my life. I will definitely be back.p.s. in response to those who say it\'s "off the Strip," it\'s not. It\'s on the older part of the Strip (near Circus Circus), but it\'s not technically "off-Strip."  Also, when it\'s 110 degrees outside, I don\'t know who is actually WALKING from casino to casino, anyway!!! Seriously? Doesn\'t everyone take a cab everywhere?'