b"Being huge fans of Unibroue (and the fact that they don't give tours at the brewery), it was essential for us to check out Fourquet Fourchette... and that we have... TWICE!  A great place for beer geeks!  They have their entire line-up of current beers to choose from and an excellent little store that you can purchase bombers and interesting things like Trois Pistoles Mustard, Blance De Chambly Orange Marmalade, and Trois Pistoles Blackberry Jam (we purchased all three of these and they are all delicious)!We hit the restaurant at a weird time (around 4pm) on this trip and they had a limited menu.  We did a meat and cheese plate to go along with a Sampler (3 ounces of Blanche De Chambly, Ephemere [Seasonal], Blonde De Chambly, Noire De Chambly, La Fin Du Monde, and Trois Pistoles) and Seigneuriale for me and an Ephemere Cerise (Cherry) for my wife.  A minor setback was that four of the six beers in my sampler came out of the bottle instead of the tap, so only two of them had that super-fresh taste, but it was still good nonetheless.  I would recommend finding out what is on draft and sticking with those, though, because those beers will rank among the best beers you will ever have in your life.Restaurant atmosphere was beautiful.  When we went during the summer, it felt like a lovely cottage house on the lake.  When it was cold in October, it felt like a rustic ski lodge just getting ready for the snow.  Service was very courteous.  We practiced our French this time (as there were some language barriers on the first visit) but both of our servers spoke excellent English.Definitely recommended to swing through on your way up to Montreal.  Even if you're heading to Quebec City, it's not difficult to get to, just a long trip after you leave.  If you're heading back to the US, just remember that you'll be dealing with the border about a half-hour after leaving and that might not work out too well.  Please note that we were able to purchase Unibroue shirts on our first trip through but we heard a rumor that no more clothes were being produced.  I hope they change their mind on that one!  Also, be sure to check their hours before making the drive as they have limited hours during Chambly's slower months."