b'Short version: If you want a massage, whether on your own or a couples massage, forget the sky-high prices on the strip and head over to Massage Pro. It\'s not a sleazy, cheapo place. It\'s cozy and professional.Long version: My husband and I decided to make an impromptu trip to Las Vegas. We booked our hotel two days in advance and winged it while we were there. We knew, though, that we wanted to get a couples massage.Of course, we headed to Yelp, and read lots of good reviews for the hotel spas, but oh my gosh--$400 for a 50 minute massage? Ouch. No thanks. So, I Googled "couples massage" and came up with three non-day spa/hotel places in Vegas. I called all three, checked reviews on all three, and then checked appointment availability and came up with Massage Pro. Booked an appointment sight unseen, and crossed my fingers.The place is right off the strip--just head west on Sahara for a couple miles. It\'d be too much to walk, I think, but it\'s close enough that taking a taxi shouldn\'t be too expensive. We had our car with us and it was a very quick drive.When my husband and I walked into the office, we were a little worried--the reception is super small and feels a little like a dentist\'s office. We filled out our paperwork, and were taken back to a much more spacious waiting room with dimmed lights, relaxing music, and a little fountain. From there, we were met by our massage therapists. We did have to wait a little longer than we expected, but it was only seven minutes beyond our appointment time, and they more than made up for it during the session. I think they spent an extra ten or fifteen minutes on us to make it up to us. :)We ordered the 90-minute combination massage, which was a blend of Swedish and deep-tissue techniques. We paid just $90 each! Even with a $20 tip on top of each massage, we were still under the next least expensive massage we could find--and the experience was phenomenal!We had a male therapist and a female therapist (we had confirmed this was all right when we called and made our appointments) who guided us to a designated Couples Room specially set aside for couples massages. The room was decorated, dimmed, and had soothing music playing. The beds were heated and we were asked if they were to our liking temperature-wise. They were perfect.Did I mention the therapists are nationally and locally licensed? Yeah. Cool.So began ninety minutes of rubby, relaxing bliss. The therapists were receptive to our suggestions--a little softer on that spot, please; a little harder right there. The therapists were nothing but the utmost of professionals, watching our muscles for the relaxation of knots and responses to too much pressure. They adjusted their techniques to our preferences and my husband and I had a wonderfully relaxing afternoon. We had very enjoyable massages.We didn\'t pack robes with us, and, not being a day spa, they don\'t provide them, so they were kind enough to let us use their shower usually reserved for customers getting body scrubs so we could rinse off some of the massage lotion. We got big, fluffy towels to dry off with and they even gave us an extra one, just in case.In short:UNBEATABLE pricesProfessional, personable, skilled, licensed, receptive therapistsCouples massage room!Not a day spa--ambiance is definitely service-oriented, but still decorated and cozyAwesome massageNot sketchy (they have zero tolerance for inappropriate behavior)What are you waiting for?! Book your vacation massage for less than the price of most show tickets!'