b'A friend had been trying to get me to try acupuncture for years (every time I mentioned that my back hurt), but I would say, "Needles? No thanks!" I was recently in Las Vegas the week of Independence Day for a poker tournament and my back was hurting so much that I was having difficulty sitting at the tables for long periods of time. I got massages for three days in a row but got only a small amount of temporary relief. I thought about going to a chiropractor, but remembered how many times my friend had tried to get me to see her acupuncturist and decided I should give it at least one try. Boy, am I glad I did! The needles are very, very fine and I only felt a small prick with a few (not even close to either a vaccination or finger stick)-- this was NOT a painful procedure. He inserted 16 of them from my neck to my ankles and then asked me to guess how many were there. I guessed 6-8. I seriously didn\'t even feel the others and none of them hurt. They then hooked some kind of electrodes to 6 of them (I was lying face down and couldn\'t see what he was doing) and sent weak electrical pulses through them. If you\'ve ever had TINS treatments, the amount of current was far less (no muscle twitches) and felt as if someone was gently tapping my back in each spot. Then, they turned off the lights and played New Age type music while I relaxed. I don\'t know how long that lasted (maybe 15-20 minutes?) because I didn\'t have my watch on, but it was like taking a nap. After this time, they disconnected the electrodes and removed the needles. I felt very calm and a little groggy at this point. I had told him that I would be playing poker later that evening and he recommended that I take a nap when I returned to my hotel. I took his advice and when I awoke, I felt great! In fact, I was even able to walk from Caesar\'s to Bally\'s later to catch the free shuttle without any pain. Sure, that\'s not a great distance, but there is no way I could have done that prior to my acupuncture treatment. I got a second treatment the next day (my last full day in town) and when I left Las Vegas, I was pain free. Just today (about 10 days later) my lower back pain has been bothering me again (though not as severe), so tomorrow morning I will look up the local doctor whom my friend recommended. I hope he is as good as Dr. Lok! If you are in Las Vegas and have back pain, you really need to go to Dr. Lok.'