b"This place is without a doubt, the BEST BBQ IN ILLINOIS. My boyfriend went to U of I and we somehow stumbled upon this hidden gem. Well, I suppose it's not so hidden since there is usually a long wait. But don't be discouraged! The wait is well worth it, I promise. Try to make your way through the door, find the guy in charge, and put your name on the list. There's not much space in this place. I guess that would be my one complaint. It can get pretty crunched, especially if you're waiting. However, what is better to tide you over than a delicious beer? Now, let's talk about this beer.They have new selections on tap all the time. Please, do your beer pallet a favor and don't order the usual domestics and imports (Miller, Bud, Heiniken, Corona, etc). Those are just fine for any regular restaurant. Why miss the glorious opportunity to try something mind-blowingly good? Seriously, these beers are amazing. They come from different breweries across the country. Places/companies you've never heard of. Combinations of flavors you would never think to try. I once had an oyster beer here. Sounds disgusting but it was so good. Trust me on that. I'm very picky and I liked it. You can also get a flight of 7 beers on a dogbone shaped tray (how fitting!). This flight has all the beers that are on tap in 4 oz glasses. You can share them with a friend and then order the one you like best!Now, on to the food. So SO good. There are a few different sauce choices you can get. Not being one for spicy, I get the Georgia Peach. It is soo good on anything you get. There is no bad item on this menu. The pulled pork is amazing as are the hamburgers. Hard to believe a hamburger could be so good, but it is. The brisket is also amazing. They cook it for 12 hours. How could it not be? Try to get here relatively early though, because some items like the brisket run out later in the evening. While it's a bummer, think of it as a good thing. This way, you know they're not just heating it in the microwave. They cook it, and once it's gone, it's gone. Oh and the fries are amazing, whether you get the regular or sweet potato.I know this was a long review, but I really can't say enough about this place. I'm obsessed. It's a bummer that my bf graduated so we can't go all the time since we live near Chicago. However, I will make any excuse to go down. Going there this weekend for Halloween. Can't wait to visit my favorite BBQ place in all the land!"