b"My wife and I stayed at the Plaza over Labor Day weekend. This was our second visit since their remodel. We were a little apprehensive given some of the bad reviews I read prior to this visit so we actually booked a comped room at the Orleans as back up. We chose to pay for the Plaza because we prefer to stay downtown. I am happy to say we didn't need to use our back up room and stayed all three nights at the Plaza.Check was a breeze even though we were there at 1pm, they had 5 people working so the line moved very quickly and since I had picked up a $2 Coors before getting in line I was fine with the wait. Robert at check in was very pleasant and since I explained my apprehension to him he worked very hard to make sure we had a good room. He really wanted to make sure we had a good floor but couldn't get us a King bed on the floor he wanted for us so I took the two queens which isn't a real big deal. I couldn't be happier with his service.We were given a very nice room in the south tower on the 21st floor with a nice view of the strip. The room was as we remembered from our last visit. The furnishings are nice and in good shape. the bed's were comfortable but the pillows were a little lacking. The room was clean and believe me we checked thoroughly before unpacking. The room is good size for Downtown. The only things I would have liked the room to have would be a coffee maker (we brought our own instead) and a refrigerator (which is rare downtown except at the Main street Station). The floor we were on was quite and didn't smell of smoke. In fact I think in the three nights there I only saw one other person on the floor. Maid service was always prompt and thorough. She even left a couple extra waters for us each day (probably due to a nice tip every morning).The Casino at the Plaza is ok. We played some slot machines and the electronic crap machine a lot. Drink service was good. We mainly play Blackjack though and I don't care to much for the tables there. We prefer the double deck 3/2 at the Cal. We did play one evening with some of the Girls around the dancing stage. Even though they pay 6/5 and use auto shufflers, which I hate, the girls were actually very funny and we had a good time. We did play at the craps table a few times and the dealers were all very nice and friendly.We saw a couple of comedians at the comedy club one night. The tickets were a little overpriced for the show, even with the 2 for 1 coupon, but we had fun and didn't feel to bad about doing it. The drinks at Z bar while we waited for the show to start were great.Island Sushi is a nice little place, prices are great and the food was very good. the fish tasted fresh and clean. The sizes were a little small but given the price I cant complain to much we just ordered more. Pop up Pizza is amazing especially at 1 or 2 am after drinking vodka and playing cards all night. The Mexican place in the food court has a great breakfast burrito.All in all a nice trip especially since I am a rate watcher and got all three nights over the weekend with resort fee for $128 total. The Plaza is perfect for downtown stays. Right there for all the action but not so in the middle of it that it is crazy and loud like the D. It was nice to walk thru all of the noise and madness of Freemont on a Saturday night to come back to the Plaza and leave all of that on the other side of the street. We will be back for sure."