b"I'm really not sure what to compare Phnom Penh to seeing that this is the first time that I can remember trying Cambodian food.  So my 4 stars are taking in the assumption that this is what it SHOULD taste like and that is delicious, minus the white tea I drank, but that was my fault.  This past Saturday I had hit the West Side Market for some shopping and had brought my wife and our new work friend from India that some met at the Yelp party, Mridul.  We decided to come here because we wanted something unique, quick, and easy on the wallet.  I convinced them by showing Cara's review because the wife loves Pad Thai where I personally have never tried it.  Mridul was limited to chicken, chicken, or chicken so PP (Ha) was right down his alley.For the appetizer we tried the PP Spring Rolls (4) and we all thought those were fantastic.  The peanut dipping sauce went perfectly with the fried chicken / veggie 'smaller version of egg rolls'.  The wife, as predictable as they come, went with the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai mild heat.  This was spot on.  Very tasty, I mean I could eat this 3 days a week for lunch.  It was weird for me to see the whole dish basically reddish orange with sprinkled peanuts and sprouts because I really couldn't tell the difference between the noodles and the carrots.....again, this is my first time here so I quickly realize what a rookie I was.  Mridul went with the Chicken Fried Rice, medium spice, with a scrambled egg inside.  This was really good too, a dish I would recommend if a rice dish is your desire.  I went with the Spicy Pork Pad Thai medium heat for 2 reasons.   1) I originally wanted the chicken but wifey beat me to it and 2) I wanted to see if there was a noticeable difference between chicken and pork, which upon tasting, there really was.  Although all dishes were great, we all decided that the Spicy Chicken Pad Thai was our favorites.  We also all decided that the heat needed to be upgraded to the medium level, not mild.  What a great first time.  I will be back and also want to try Pad Thai somewhere else to see how it compares.  Very cute place, and really reasonable.  Be forewarned though, they only take cash."