b'Dining Experience: LunchSpecialty: German-style Sausage HallMenu items: Bison, Wild Boar and Venison Sausages with Duck Fat FriesWho is in for a sausage party? Well, the kind of party that involves food, that is.Before we begin, let me educate you on the pronunciation of this place - read "Verst". And its exact English translation is non other than sausage (figures). This recently opened spot in the heart of King West has been successfully luring in lunch crowds. With its sausage hall concept, breadth of sausage styles and flavours and an impressive local and imported beer menu; Wvrst has quickly become a favourite in the area and the Friday lunch go-to place for most of us.Their dedication to the core product, sausages; its one to admire. All sausages are freshly made on the premises and cooked when ordered. When you arrive at Wvrst, you right away notice a large line up of people (mostly men...I did say it was a sausage party) staring at the menu, asking the staff for advice and at times drinking beer while waiting in line. Because this is a sausage hall, once your food is ordered, you are given a number which then lets the waiters know which table to bring the food to. One thing you will notice is that because the line-ups are long, the waiters are extremely diligent in cleaning up the tables, so don\'t feel like they are rushing you, they are just doing their job and are very pleasant.Now, lets talk about the product. From the list, my favourite is the Venison style sausage. Given that its flavour is more on the smokey, nutty and hearty side, it makes it a great pairing with just about any topping. You can choose 2 out of 4 toppings - Caramelized Onions, Sauerkraut, Sweet Peppers and Saut\xc3\xa9ed Jalape\xc3\xb1os. The roll used to wrap these juicy meats around is something worth mentioning, being on the rather soft side, this roll is lightly sweet with a hint of sourdough style bread, a great choice. Note to reader: you can also order a whole wheat roll and choice of veggie or chicken sausage options.Another one of Wvrst\'s hits is their Duck Fat Fries. Fried in duck fat as opposed to regular oil, the fries tend to be softer and buttery, while maintaining a great consistency on the surface. How this is done? A two step frying process. Double-dipping is what I would name this frying method. The outcome? Buttery and flavourful french fries. But the goodness does not end here, on top of having great tasting fries, Wvrst offers you a selection of dipping sauces. My favourite, and one that I can not live without, the Mojito sauce. Dip your fries in it or add it to your sausage party, either way you in are in for a heck of a tasty treat.Until next time Foodies!Buen Provecho,Viviana.'