b"Booked this place through Hotels.com for spending New Years Eve in Las Vegas.  All other comparable hotels were easily over $500 for two nights so I ended up going with South Point for roughly $300 for two nights.  At first I was a little worried about staying here mainly due to the commute (not the quality of the place as it was opened in 2005) but I was happily surprised.  Check in was a breeze even though it was the Friday before NYE and everyone was coming into town.  Even though there was quite a long line the casino had all the counters manned and checking in and getting into the room took less than 20 minutes.  Moreover, during check in they also give you a coupon book for some free stuff or buy one get one free stuff which was kind of cool.  Only complaint was that when calling in to inquire about when you can check in took about 10 minutes on hold to get to speak with someone.The room itself was very spacious and clean and comes with all the amenities that you would expect from a reputable Vegas hotel.  Our room consisted of a king size bed, flatscreen TV, table, and a sofa (along with the rest of the nightstand, drawers, and closet).  This room could easily stuff 6 or so people in it if you really wanted to.  Moreover, it was nice how their bathroom was divided into two, with a door between the shower/toilet and the sink, thus allowing two people to share the bathroom at a time.  Definitely no complaints about the spaciousness or cleaniness of the room here.Moreover, while I did not get to try out their amenities during my stay this time, I think I will definitely be back next time to try out their midnight madness bowling.  Apparently, during the weekdays after midnight all games are only a dollar!  I mean can you imagine, forget beer pong, how about beer bowling or a shot for every pin left standing haha.  As for the food of this place, again I did not get to try out much but their Steak N Shake seemed like a decent and moderately priced place to get a meal.  I actually ended up getting a togo order of 3 sliders and shake for about $11 bucks so that wasn't too bad.As for the convenience of this location, well for off-strip, it is pretty convenient even during NYE.  Located right off the freeway, it is easy to get to and out of into the Strip.  It is about a 15 minute drive by freeway and about a 20 minute drive by Las Vegas Blvd (I like how you have two routes to this place) with either being traffic free by the times I was driving.  As a note, if you are planning to come here for New Years park at the Mandalay Bay!  The Strip is closed until 3am but as Mandalay Bay is at the end of the Strip you can still get out and take either Las Vegas Blvd or the freeway back without much hassle.Only complaint with this place is that their shuttle to and from the Strip (cheap at only $8 all you can ride for a day) only runs till 1:00am.  Who goes back to the hotel at 1:00am in Vegas...especially on New Years.  They should make it 24 hours or at least 24 hours on the holidays."