b'Went back a second time, I found the burrito to be decent again, but I\'m finding their cash/prep staff to be seriously lacking customer service skills, standing at the cash waiting to be served, I smile I say hello and I just get a vacant stare, fine... i\'m not sure if she is ready for my order or what but I went ahead and ordered my burrito...the girl who is reluctantly "serving" me seems too pre-occupied with the music playing and joking with the cook..., she rushes through prepping my burrito, and I ask for a bit more sour cream, which seemed to throw off her rhythm, she looks up at me obviously annoyed. I\'m getting a "I\'m really too cool for this place" vibe from the cash people, they just seem to be a fairly unfriendly lot in general. It\'s not horrible service, but you definitely get the feeling that they want you to hurry up and order so they can get back to dancing, goofing off and acting cool.  Its sad because I was very polite to her and found the lack of customer service quite annoying and unfair, now I\'m not looking to be best friends with these people, but it would be nice to not get attitude, especially when you are being polite and friendly to them. My advice to them is, if you are too prideful, and think you\'re too cool for your job, give it up, quit and let someone that actually needs one and cares about being employed take your place. It\'s hard to want to return to a place where the people that make your food are annoyed because, they are making you food...*** And to add, I even messaged the owner who previously complimented me on my first review, and told him about my disappointing experience, and of course, I got zero response, apparently they are only interested in positive reviews, they don\'t want to learn about or address their weaknesses. *** Too bad so sad.... I\'m done, customer lost... for what it;s worth, Fat Bastard Burrito\'s are 1000x better anyway... they are more authentic and don\'t take 20 minutes to make... And they have fantastic customer service, they always seem to be happy and thankful to get your business.. unlike this place...'