b'We were in the market for a new car seat for our toddler, and my husband had been doing a lot of research online to figure out what would suit our needs best. Sears ended up carrying the lowest price of the model we decided to purchase, so we headed to The Boulevard Mall location this weekend. Once we were downstairs at the baby section, we found the selection of car seats. We noted the price was not what they had advertised online. We located a friendly employee that stated she was not on the clock yet, but was still helpful to us, indicating that we could speak with someone upstairs about the price difference and that they\'d bring the car seat up to us upon purchasing.My husband got in the short line for customer service. The guest before him was rudely interrupted by another customer waving a purse and cutting in line to make a purchase. The clerk took care of the rude customer first, only apologizing for the wait to the guest in front of us after the rude customer was out of earshot (we can only assume that the rude customer was either a friend of the clerk or a fellow employee, but who knows). And once it was my husband\'s turn, he explained the price difference between what he had seen online with the same model they had on the shelf downstairs. She stated that the sale price was online only, even though we could find no evidence of this, and that if we wanted that sale price we\'d have to buy it online.So my husband said he\'d use his phone right then and there to buy it online, expecting to be able to pick up the same car seat at this location, but the employee told us that it doesn\'t work that way. If we wanted the item right then and there, we\'d have to pay full price. If we wanted the online sale price, we\'d have to pay for it now, but we couldn\'t pick up the item until a code was emailed to us, which would take two hours or so.We found it ridiculous that they couldn\'t price match their own website, especially when the website had no indication that it was an "online only" price. We also found it ridiculous that we\'d have to wait hours after paying to receive a notification to be allowed to pick up the item that was already waiting right there on the shelf. Sears really needs to get with the times. Rather than dealing with that mess in order to save a measly $15, we left for Walmart to buy our new car seat.'