b'I have been a petsmart customer for years. Even make a donation to their charity every time I shop there. Tonight\'s treatment by Chris and the cashier was unaccepptable. I was trying out different brands of dog kibble. Bought a high quality brand  a couple weeks ago. My dogs wouldn\'t eat it. Exchanged that for two different brands a week ago (Purina beyond and Hills diet). My dogs wouldn\'t go near the food. The Hills brand smelled awful. So I went to return the food. I walked in. Saw only one receipt was in the bag. I went to my vehicle to find the other one. When I came back, Chris is standing a few feet away from the register holding my receipt watching for me. I asked if there was a problem. His reply "well yeah." He begins questioning me why I am returning the merchandise and mentions I seem to be continuously returning items. His question felt like he was interrogating me. I immediately took offense to his attitude and demeanor towards me. I said, my dogs wouldn\'t eat either one and one brand smells horrible. And proceeded to say I only returned one bag of food previously. Never returned any items prior to that. The prior cashier who helped me last time let me know food items can be returned if the dogs won\'t eat the food. Chris continued his line of questioning asking me what am I feeding the dogs now. Am I exchanging for another bag. I answered his questions and I shouldn\'t have had to. It\'s none of his business what I feed them now. And I do not want another bag. I\'m upset. Frustrated by his actions and I rightfully tell him so. Telling him how I feel he is making me feel. I grabbed my receipt from him which he was holding onto tightly showing I am not liking his service. handed it back to the cashier and Chris continues to tell me, he is allowing the return. Absolutely right he is. Their no hassle free return policy was a huge hassle. I\'m clearly unhappy and Chris continues to be a condescending on purpose by asking if there anything more he could do for me. I responded with after they way he treated me, I\'m going to ask him for help. He continued his belligerent responces in which I told him to stop. How dare he treat me with such disrespect. As I\'m walking out the store he continued to berate me with have a nice day. That is unprofessional. Awful customer service. Petsmart has lost my business for good. My treatment doesn\'t end with this review. I will be following up with the store manager and their head quarters.'