b"A few days ago I saw their ad on Television. They were selling the 2014 Pilot for $12,8 something. I was very interest in this price, but wanted some more information. So I called them and spoke to Samantha. The first thing I did was ask her to please find out if the car was an automatic or a manual engine. I can drive a stick shift but I didn't want to. I asked her if she could find out for me what was inside this vehicle. She put me on hold and soon came back. She said yes it was an automatic, it had cloth seats, a CD player, Blue Tooth and Sirius Radio. The only thing I was really adamant about was the automatic engine. She asked me for my phone number and I told her I would rather just come out there and see it for myself. She told me to ask for Chad or Josh. So today I went out there. Chad was not available and Josh was busy, but I waited for him. Eventually, he came over to talk to me. I told him what Samantha had told me and I would be interested in seeing the car. He then assigned me to Dennis and told me that after I took the car for a ride he would crunch the numbers for me. I told him I wasn't interested in crunching numbers---that I wanted to pay cash and I wasn't going to play numbers games.  He suggested that I could finance the car, and then pay it all off.  When Dennis pulled the car up, it had a manual transmission--NOT AN AUTOMATIC.  It didn't have Blue Tooth, but I didn't care about that.  I asked to see Josh again. He then preceded to tell me that an automatic would be a little bit more. And he didn't know who told me that the sale was for automatic---I had already told him that, but I told him again. When I asked how much more the automatic would be he said he would crunch the numbers for me and let me know. When he came back he showed me a paper that said $23,000, Are you kidding 11 thousand more. Now he tells me that to get the sale price you have to qualify. Qualify for what  YOU HAVE TO FINANCE your car.  Now why do you have to do that===because the bank gives the dealership a bonus (or as I like to call it, a KICK BACK) for every car that is financed. You also have to be a veteran and there is a list of other qualifying factors. I wouldn't be surprised if you have to have a calico cat.  So if you have the cash and want to pay cash you can but you can't get the sale price.  Now Josh tells me that they have a disclaimer in small print under the ad.  This is so small that you can't even read it with a magnifying glass. What a joke, it is no wonder that car dealers have such a bad reputation they are anything but honest. My advice to anyone that wants to get this deal, be prepared and make sure you qualify for an array of things. My other tip before you go to Monroeville Jeep is DON'T!!!!@"