b'I\'m pretty much regular in this joint. I come here at least 3 times a week, and normally    it\'s always around between 6am-10am. I wasn\'t much a fan of the service but the stir fried low mein is hands down the best I\'ve had so far. So I keep going back to this place regardless of how mediocre the service were. I\'ve figured I can overlooked that service part, since it\'s not that bad.    Tonight at 8:25pm I decided to go in. They were slow. 3 tables were occupied. A guy who seated me was already annoyed that I was there. He was on the phone while seating me.    I went and ordered my usual. I just told him what I wanted since I already know what I wanted.    He kept asking me to look for the number on the menu. He then was irritated when I asked him for a Pepsi. The entire evening of service was like, I was being treated like shit. Around an hr and half of me being there, never once I was approached to ask if I\'m still alive or choking with something. I still went ahead and just kept eating.    By the time I decided I am done and I still have half of my low mein left on my plate, I was waving at anybody that would pass by my table to get my ticket and a to go box. Two men were working that night. I seem to be invisible. Then finally, one guy approached me, I asked for a to go plate, and he pointed out the direction of the door and said something " there" and walked away.    Again, patiently enough, I waited for someone to come to my table again. Nobody came. So I stood up and asked one of the other guy who was taking orders, and he then again told me " there the to go plate". I guess, I was supposed to get my own to go box, located right next to the entrance door. By this time, I\'ve had enough. So I said " ok can I get a check..". The first guy I asked for a to go box, went to the cash register and rang me up, I gave him my card and asked for his name. He said his name is " Johnny". I doubt if that\'s even his real name,    I said " you guys are rude, I said what kind of service is this.. I waved at you multiple times you were ignoring me" - as I signed the receipt marking " no tip". He said " one person works inside the kitchen so we\'re short". So I asked him " who\'s that owner what is his/her name?".    He goes " You dont\' need to know her name". I said I come here almost 3 times a week in the morning and I\'m a regular you should be nicer to the customers". And He said yelling " go in the morning!".    That was that and I left. That would be the last time I go to this place. Being short handed was not an excuse for being rude to the customer. He could have been apologetic and that would have been fine with me.'