b"I really liked Sakana when it first opened, I went there for lunch a couple of times but because the 'word wasn't out' it was very slow, I was immediately seated, the service was quick and the sushi was good.  You could tell they were really trying to make an impression.  I returned there about 2 weeks ago for AYCE and the experience was quite different.  I went early, about 11:30 a.m. because I knew they are much busier.  There were only 4 other people in the restaurant.  I ordered my first round and as I waited, the restaurant filled up quickly.  I waited.  And waited.  And waited some more.  When my first order of sushi arrived, it wasn't everything I ordered but I was glad it came because it took the edge off.  I slowly received more sushi.  The 3 orders of eel that I ordered never came.  I reminded the server.  She said she would check on it.  I waited some more.  I asked her for the 2nd time about the eel.  Even though the restaurant was practically full, she was the only server working, ping-ponging from table to table.  Since I had nothing to do I kept an eye on this poor guy at the bar who wasn't even acknowledged for at least 1/2 an hour, not even to be given water.  He kept trying to get someone's attention!  Finally about 12:15, what I thought was another server arrived, turned out he was a bus boy and could only pick up plates and fill water.  FINALLY my eel arrived, it was super mushy, was much larger than the other sushi and didn't have that warm toasted crust.  You could tell it was thrown together.  Since I made such a big deal out of it, I ate it all even though I didn't like it.  I felt so sick after that, even though I didn't get my money's worth I didn't want any more (she wouldn't have been around to take another order anyway).  I was in the restaurant for well over an hour even though when I arrived I was one of 5 people there.  Then on the way out I noticed a dead roach on the floor, I nearly threw up.  The quality and service went way down with this place which is unfortunate."