b'I have been to Great Clips a number of different times and have always been satisfied but my visit there on Thursday, 01/16/2014, was the last time I will ever go there again!!!!! It was at the Great Clips in the Deer Valley Marketplace located at the corner of W. Deer Valley Road & N. 83rd Ave. in Peoria.  When I first got there one of the women looked my name up under my phone number and put me on the waiting list. Then another woman called me up to the counter and asked for my name. I told her my name and she said it wasn\'t there. Then she asked for my phone number. I told her but I had to repeat it several times. She was very rude and was extremely hard to understand due to her accent. She said her name was Nina (later when I looked at the receipt it showed her name to be Niculina). She directed me to a chair and asked me how I wanted my hair cut. I asked her if she could check the notes in the computer to see how it had been cut the last few times I had been in because I wanted it cut the same way. She walked over to the computer and looked at it for a few seconds and said "something happened to computer, there\'s nothing" and walked back to the chair. I told her how I wanted it cut but she wanted to do it differently. I told her no to do it like I said. Well after she cut my hair (If you can call it that) I asked her if she could rinse my hair off in the sink, not shampoo just rinse with water so I could get all the extra cut hair off and she said no she would have to charge me for a shampoo. So I asked if I could do it myself and she said no. Then she immediately put gel in my hair without even asking if I wanted any in my hair. It was ok because I use gel in my hair anyway but I thought it was odd. Well after I got home from having dinner I took a shower and my wife looked at me and said OMG!!! Your hair!!! Go look at it!" It is REALLY REALLY BAD! I have bald spots in a number of places where my hair is cut all the way to the scalp! How does someone do that?! Then there are other places that have long hairs that she did not even cut! To top it all off when I looked at my receipt she didn\'t even spell my name correctly, it reads Brayen not Brian??? I have e-mailed them and also called their corporate office and I am still waiting for them to call me back. The sad thing is I am job hunting and now I have hair that looks like a monkey cut it for bananas. I\'m not saying ALL the stylists there are bad but if you do go there just make sure you DO NOT have Niculina (Nina) cut your hair.'