b'Terrible interaction with the local community.  Let me start by clarifying an inaccurate statement, Blue Martini does not take reservations on Sunday night. They actually are attempting to change a Bar Restaurant into a Night Club on Sunday nights. Neo-Soul, a promotion company operating on Sunday\'s has increased their visceral attitude toward anyone not willing to pay 300 dollars for a  bottle service on Sundays.  On Sunday August 7, 2016, I visited the Blue Martini as I always do several times a month.   During my visits I normally spend  around 100 dollars.  After checking online banking I discovered that I have spent approximately 500 dollars since mid May.Yesterday I ordered chicken wings and a cocktail around 730pm.  I waited 45 minutes for my wings.  I look forward to eating BM wings on Sunday since it is the only day that I eat Chicken.   Half way through my chicken wings a Neo soul representative came over to where I was sitting with a retired engineer.and a VA Nurse.The unknown Neo soul promoter described as early 30\'s, black male, bald head and bow tie, failed to introduce himself.  The first thing out of his mouth was "Other women are wondering why you have a stool to eat your dinner with. He further stated, I have to ask you if either of you two are disabled" (he clearly was the one to ask about disabilities).. I was embarrassed that he would stand by with a security officer while I ruffled through my purse in the dark for 3 minutes. I assumed he would be allowing me a reasonable accommodation after forcing me to reveal my disability and showing my credentials.  Instead he was throwing me out of my stool and escorting me way in the back where they hid chairs for Profit.  The promoters actions were consistent with some one without knowledge of Restaurant Regulations.  " if a patron orders food from a bar that patron should be afforded a proper bar stool".  Meaning,If a patron orders food from a Blue Martini Bartender at a bar and pays for the meal a bar stool,and proper eating utensils  MUST be provided. Blue Martini can\'t profit from a customer and then not provide a stool in order for Neo Soul to increase it profits.  The Neo Soul rep. appeared surprised when I produced my Armed forces Veterans disability ID as if he was not expecting that. I explained to him I was a Desert Storm Veteran and retired from the armed forces and Las Vegas Metro.  He then told me to grab my half eaten chicken wings in order to place me out of the way in the back.  I was not going to pay several hundred dollars for a bottle service and chicken wings to hear the same band so that I could sit down for ten minutes to eat.  I asked him if there was an emergency and why I could not eat my last two chicken wings.   I explained that it would not be unreasonable to allow a disabled veteran to finish two wings and then move.  He said "Let\'s take the disabled veteran out of it".  I asked why when he was the one that interjected the disability as a prerequisite to a bar stool which is inconsistent with restaurant  practices. It is also unsanitary to drag your food around in the dark .  The Neo Soul rep also felt it necessary to have a Blue Martini Security officer stand by as a "Show of Force." We took this as excessive, embarrassing and humiliating because it was for profit.  Neo Soul felt  it necessary to interrupt my dinner  so that Neo could increase profits.  Neo Soul is confusing Blue Martini with nightclub practices. Neo Soul and Blue Martini\'s failure to fallow guidelines of restaurant/Bar have generated a multitude of complaints.  Lastly, He continued to make the situation worse by making me stand and eat my remaining two wings.  Neo Soul claim that by removing seats people are able to get to the bar to order drinks easier are false. The first bar where more then 25-35 bar stools remain, individuals are allowed to eat and drink around the bar with a proper bar stool. Secondly, at 815 pm there appeared to be about 5 people at the bar on this particular night.  Lastly,the stool that was taken from me was moved to a small high table where 3 dancers immediately occupied the table.  The entire scene was mishandled and escalated by the Neo Soul rep.  The rep who hides dozens of chairs from restaurant goers was unnecessary and purely for profit.  I would like to reiterate the fact that,  You absolutely cannot make reservations. This entire "rigged system"  is sit up to increase the profits of the unprofessional Neo Soul reps desperate to make more money. I asked  to speak with a Manager at this point.  This manager can only be described as stocky, Latino with a neatly trimmed beard.  He was extremely professional and apologized for the behavior of the Neo Soul representative\'s behavior.  He further stated that Neo Soul Rep was unprofessional and to contact Scotty M immediately.Additionally, he offered to purchase my chicken wings and I said "thank you but If you could give us some drink tickets instead.'