b"This last year, I finally saved up for the down payment on a car. I needed one very badly, having been using a relative's vehicle for several months, but that they now needed back. I had planned ahead and done my research, and wanted a Ford CMax Hybrid. My work offered a discount/cash-back deal through Cars.com, so I submitted the request and my info was sent to Berge. My plan was to take advantage of the 4th of July weekend specials.I was almost immediately sent an email from a salesman named Chris. He wanted to know what I was looking for in a vehicle. I replied right away with the details... But the only email address given was a generic one, nothing direct. There was no response. A few days later, he sent me another email, this time with a map to the dealership, but with no indication my reply was received. I replied back, asking for some quotes, but again got no response. I was anxious with the impending July 4th weekend, but held hope I could still make contact. I decided to call. Unfortunately, the only number he gave me was his personal cell. That Friday after work, I called and was immediately sent to voicemail. I got a text saying he was at dinner, but would return my call. I left a voicemail explaining that I badly needed a car, either from him or someone else at the dealership, and that he hasn't actually replied to my emails (maybe he forgot to check the general inbox?) and I asked him to call me  back ASAP. I really needed the July 4th specials. The weekend came and went, no reply from Chris. Frustrated, I went to a different dealership in Scottsdale and worked with wonderful people, and that next weekend negotiated a deal on a beautiful CMax that made up for missing out on both the holiday weekend deals and the cash-back deal through my work. TWO WEEKS LATER Chris emails me to say their servers were out of commission, which is why he didn't get my emails, and he would love to help me into a car (this all being said in poor spelling and no caps or punctuation ).My brother was a car salesman for awhile, so I have a pretty good idea how it goes. I was only given his personal cell number so he could make sure he got my sale instead of anyone else. I'm also an IT student, so I have a very hard time believing their servers were down for two whole weeks. Either they have the worst tech support in the history of ever, or I was put off so I wouldn't have to be offered a holiday deal. Plus, what, did you not check your voicemail?? My experience here was beyond unprofessional. I'm glad, now, that I went where I did for my car. Berge only saw my business as a number. I will never shop with them."