b"I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered. A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.  I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never received the replacement gift card!  We ordered and when my husband picked it up, he mentioned the issue we had the last time and they gave him a discount.  As usual, things were missing from the order (no appetizer sauce, napkins, fortune cookies, etc.) and the food was just okay.Tonight we ordered again, this time the food was just horrible.  Bland, no taste whatsoever for either of our dishes!  I ordered the new Korean BBQ with chicken (I had it before) and really liked it.  My husband had the same but with tofu and vegetables.  Neither of us thought the food was good at all.  The sauce which is normally very tasty was so bland and watery that it literally ran off of the chicken.  The 'salad' that comes with it was wilted and soggy, clearly not fresh.  And as expected, no sauce for the crab wontons, no napkins, no soy sauce & no fortune cookies.  I don't think we will be going back anytime soon - at least not to this location - they really need to get it together.  We're tired of the issues every time we eat in or get take-out from here."