b'TL;DR - Rent somewhere else if you don\'t want management/maintenance barge in your home every so often or have nowhere to park, or do not like seeing dog poop everywhere, or hate having trains passing by every 15 minI liked the property, but hated the location, management, maintenance, etc.First thing first, the apartments are really nice, roomy, and cozy-feeling. If it were at any other location managed by someone else, I would pay double the rent to live there.Now, the horrible experiences. I have never lived anywhere where the management/maintenance need to get into your apartment so much. Almost every month, there\'s some sort of inspection, replacement, remodeling that they needed to do so they need to come in, and this is especially inconvenient if you have pets. Once they came in to remodel the apartment to make it more energy efficient so electric cost less. After they did the whole thing, our next electric bill was about $40 more expensive than previous ones and stayed that way.. They are also very poor at handling scheduling things. They needed to fill some holes in the drive way, but for almost a year, and an entire summer break, they didn\'t do anything about it. Until the fall semester started, they told everyone that they would be shutting off parking lots to redo the roads, which worsens the already horrible parking situation. They also often shuts certain parking spaces down for repainting, etc during school session instead of breaks when most people are gone.Speaking of parking, the parking situation is horrifying. Each building complex houses at least 6 people, while only 4 parking spaces in front of each building, which creates a space shortage. What made it worse was people kept inviting there parents/friends over and park at resident parking, and the management kept telling us that they would tow those cars but never did. Some days we couldn\'t find parking at all near our building. Now onto the trains. They trains go through about every 15 minutes and they honk very loudly, which is required by law. The walls are so thin, that you\'d have to pause and wait for the trains to pass if you\'re watching tv, listening to a lecture, having a conversation, etc. and you\'d have to do this a few times every hour. And if you\'re ever so unlucky to be walking outside when the trains pass by, R.I.P., your ears. I had no problem sleeping through the trains, but if you\'re a light sleeper, rent somewhere else cuz the trains don\'t stop at night.People walk their dogs outside, the dogs poop outside, people don\'t pick them up, which is not news. Management kept sending out emails telling people that they were going to take actions if they didn\'t pick up the poop, but they never did anything. There\'re dog droppings everywhere.We had a flea problem in the apartment when we first moved in because they apparently didn\'t clean after the previous renter moved out. The entire place smelled like wet dog for months after we moved in. We contacted the management several times to report the flea problem but nobody did anything, so we had to take it into our own hands. Several months later, they checked in to see if there still were a flea problem, and that was it.After we moved out, they charged us a couch replacement fee, which we expected because our cat scratched the thing pretty bad. However, the fee charged was $520 total for a really cheaply made couch. If it weren\'t for the cat, we\'d still be charged for it because the leather on the couch chipped off just from people regularly sitting on it - That\'s how cheaply made the couch was, and totally not worth $520. We bought a couch 2 months ago for $180 at IKEA and it\'s 10 times better than that piece of junk that they provided. Also, when we leased with the cats, we paid a $500 "pet fee". It was never stated what the fee was for, so we just assumed that it was pet deposit that would be used to cover damage caused by the pets. We contacted them when we received the couch replacement charges and they said the pet fee is not a deposit and is not used for replacement charges.Edit 8/16/17: Almost forgot about their internet - SO SLOW. We got our own internet service less than a month after we moved in. Totally forgot that they provided internet when I wrote this review'