b'Went here with the office for our annual party and I expected decent food. We went with the party menu which was set with shared apps and a choice of 4 different mains. From the time we sat down, our server at the bar appeared frazzled and took forever to get drinks set,made and served.  I tried the Italian Greyhound for my first drink, not only did it take 30 minutes to get to me, it came with 4 extra fruit flies on it.I twitted about it and was asked to DM so that they could speak to the management about it.After about an hour or so of waiting for all of our coworkers to get there, we then headed downstairs into the private room which I have to say have one of the coolest decor/ambiance I have been in.They started to serve the Palenta fries which was shared between everyone.  It was alright, bland and the marinara dip tasted like something you could get from Loblaws.The second starter they served was the pizza.  The crust was good, but if you eat the pizza with the toppings you will be met with the saltiest things ever.  So... needless to stay, I just ate the crust.The third starter was a platter of mini meatballs, tiger shrimps and the risotto balls which was basically an upscale cafeteria food.  For an Italian place, the meatballs tasted like a frozen dinner meatloaf rolled up into little balls.  Next served was the salad and the tomato and cheese appetizer.  These 2 I believe was the only ones I was able to eat with no problem although I think the salt that tomato/cheese app needed all was put into the Pizza.The mixed mushroom appetizer came next and was ok.  It seemed fresh and was nice.For the main, I chose the Fettucine, which came with Shrimps, pesto, mascarpone cheese and a touch of tomato sauce.I won\'t hold back on my review because honestly, for an upscale place, I was hoping to be blown away.  The pasta was WAY overdone, there was a mixture of frozen package shrimps and the tiger shrimps so the cook on both were totally off.  I think that I would have had a better tasting pasta from the cooked food section of a Loblaws. I could not, for the love of God eat more than a bite full of this "italian pasta".The Chef\'s selection of deserts however was good.  I think aside from the deserts, decor and the people I was with, nothing else was good.  At the end of the night, I had to go grab dinner at Sushi Inn just so that I could have a proper Dinner.Unfortunately, coming here with expectations and only being underwhelmed was a very big disappointment to me and my friends.  I would hope that in the future, they taste their food prior to serving them to their patrons.Food Score:Palenta Fries: 2/5Pizza: 0.5/5Polpettine/Mini Meatballs: 0/5Arancini/Risotto Balls: 1/5Shrimp Diavola: 2/5Salad: 3/5Caprese/Cheese&mozarella: 2/5Funghi/Mushrooms: 3/5Fettucine: 0/5'