b'Awful. Simply AWFUL experience. I was looking for a new doctor because I don\'t really click with the one I have now. I asked friends who they would recommend and one of my friends highly recommended Dr. Wade so I called to schedule an appointment. Dr. Wade is eight weeks out on new patient appointments so I ended up with an appointment with JD, a PA. I think first time patients should always see the doctor, not the PA but I decided to give it a try anyway. My bad. I should have insisted on a doctor and not a PA. Maybe then I would have been treated better. Or not.I should have gathered that this wouldn\'t be the right practice for me when the woman who FINALLY answered the phone after I pressed this and that and this and that number asked me what kind of insurance I had BEFORE she even asked me my name. I explained to the woman that I have BCBS but that my husband\'s company had just merged with another company and there were some glitches in their new health insurance but that BCBS was aware of it and that the office would just have to use my husband\'s card since BCBS hadn\'t sent mine yet. I also explained that BCBS was on hand to answer any questions they might have about my coverage. The woman on the phone said that was fine and made an appointment for me. That\'s when she FINALLY asked me what my name was.The next day I got a call from Desert View\'s business office saying that they couldn\'t get my insurance to go through. I explained to yet another person about the glitch and gave her the name and number of the person at BCBS to call to get approval for me. Obviously she never did that and that\'s where things really started getting bad...I showed up for my appointment and was herded back to a little cubicle and had my picture taken by a sour-faced girl who looked like she REALLY hated her job. I explained -- yet again -- about the insurance issue and rather than call the contact at BCBS, the girl tried running my husband\'s card. Not surprisingly, she told me I didn\'t have insurance. Again I asked her to contact the person at BCBS and she refused so I called them. She refused to speak to them. The person at BCBS asked if the doctor\'s office could wait until the end of the day (it was already 3:00 p.m.) to run the insurance info to give the servers a chance to upload my information. Uh, nope. They wanted payment NOW -- before I saw anyone. So, I asked her how much it would be if I paid out-of-pocket. She had to make a call. (Really? She had to CALL someone to find out how much a flipping appointment was?) After she hung up, she told me that it would be between $100 and $250 depending on the "level of appointment" I needed. "Level of appointment?" Huh? Obviously though, if I were to pay it out-of-pocket, they would have had to have waited to get their money until AFTER my appointment was over so they could figure out what "level of appointment" my appointment was so why couldn\'t they wait a half an hour or so to run my insurance info?I finally just looked at the girl and said, "I\'ve been looking for a new doctor. Unfortunately, I don\'t think this practice is the one I\'m looking for. May I please have my paperwork? I\'m outta here." She had the gall to look at me and say, "Does that mean you want to cancel your appointment?" I didn\'t even bother answering because the only answer I could come up with was, "Duh." I ripped up my paperwork on the way out of the building and it took everything in me to not toss it on the floor.BTW: Their address online is still their old address. I drove to Mesa only to find out that they\'ve been located in Gilbert for at least three years. So many people have gone to the old address that the receptionist at the old address (a business not affiliated with Desert View) has the address and phone number memorized. Not changing your address is not good business no matter how you look at it. It cost me 20 extra miles in 111 degree heat because their old address is the first one to come up when searching for them. You would think that in this day and age businesses would be swift enough to change their address. Guess not.Between the complete lack of personality I was treated to and the lack of helpfulness and being treated as an insurance number and not a person, I\'d say it would be a cold day in Hades before I ever graced the doors of Desert View "Family" Medicine again.'