b"The artwork is great.  Very striking and captivating images that seemingly pop out of the frames with the vibrant  hues and colors.The studio and it's salesmanship/service is decidedly less than impressive.   I ordered two pieces, Gorillas in The Mist and Tree of Truth.  The original art dealer who made our transaction was let go for untold reasons and was replaced by someone else(Mike?).   I only know this because I called to get a follwup on the delivery of the photographs because I have yet to hear from the guy who took over the account.  I think if someone took over the account, they should be taking the initiative to notify the customers of that change.  I basically had been getting no response from the emails I sent to my original dealer, and I had to call to find out what happened.About four weeks later, I received the Tree of Trurth(alternatively called Wisdom Tree).  However, it was only by accident that I received it.  I stopped by my local USPS office to pick up an article by another merchant, and to my surprise the clerk brought me a package from the Rodney Lough Studio.  I have no idea how  long it had been at the USPS office, because I was never notified by Mike, or frankly anyone from this Las Vegas studio that the piece had been shipped out.  I wasn't notified by USPS either, but we all know and expect crappy service from the USPS - the main difference is that I didn't pay USPS thousands of dollars for a certain level of service.  I am left wondering:If Rodney Lough Jr. Sells their pieces of artwork as being something of value and something to treasure...Why would they send it via the UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE like its junk mail?? Why not give the customer at least an email notification that it has been sent out???I wonder if the people at the Peter Lik galleries provide better customer service?  Something that extends beyond the swipe of the credit card?  I am glad the Wisdom Tree was not lost or damaged in the USPS office, but I certainly expected better service than I have received.  Still waiting on the Gorillas in the Mist....hopefully it will be delivered to my door like they originally promised, and not by USPS."