b'For a place that has such wonderful reviews, I expected both good food and good service. The food was unexceptional, but I did not try the entire menu, so my review is not negative for that reason alone. The service is what motivates this negative review: it was terrible. I do not know whether we had a new hire--a fast speaking fellow that wore red framed glasses--but it was apparent upon our first introduction that he didn\'t have much time for us. The real indication arose when we (my date and I) received a lackluster artichoke marinated in vinegar. It looked and tasted like something pre-prepared at the grocery store. I gave it a try, hoping that it might taste better if I tried the heartier bits, but it was no use. It sucked. We left the artichoke untouched, expecting an inquiry by our server as would be common at most high end restaurants. We waited, and waited, until the server came to take our plates away. He finally asked how it was, and we told him we didn\'t like it at all. He took our other plates and left this grocery store concoction on our table. We waited again. We discussed between ourselves whether there was some miscommunication, so we awaited the waiter\'s return. When he arrived, he asked if we wanted him to take our untouched artichoke. We said yes, and tried to imply what he should do. We very kindly asked if we could have another appetizer instead. He didn\'t seem to understand, so we said it again. At this point, he seemed visibly annoyed. He asked point blank, "so are you saying you want Empanadas?" Assuming he\'d understood our plea--or just hoping--I said yes. He returned with them; they were alright. And then the check arrived. There I was greeted with the charge for those nasty artichokes in addition to the Empanadas. I was perplexed. I flagged our waiter, and reminded him that he forgot to take the artichoke off our bill.  He was even more perplexed, and visibly annoyed. He asked, "didn\'t you order that?" Yes, we did, but it was terrible, and we spoke about this already! He sharply exclaimed that he\'d talk to his manager. He must have because the bill was quickly and hardly plopped on our tabletop without a word or look from the waiter. The artichoke billings had vanished as quickly as our resolve to return. I hope this was an aberration. But I wouldn\'t feel comfortable returning to possibly run into our friend with the red-rimmed spectacles.'