b'The beer was cold and even though it was not happy hour only $3.00 for an 18oz goblet. The decor was very nice and the bar was spacious, but only a few patrons even though it was Thursday and the the football game was on.The salsa was terrible: All I could taste was cumin and tomato. I added some lime juice and a few dashes from the store bought hot sauce located in the condiment basket and it was passable.I had ordered the steak nachos, but luckily I saw a plate being delivered to another patron and immediatly asked to order something else. In my opinion... Nachos should be a heaping mess of tasty goodness without ryme or reason, not 14 chips spaced evenly around a plate with exact portions of steak, beans and cheese neatly applied and dressed with 3 jalapeno slices and a scoop of guac and a scoop of sour cream. Instead, I ordered a combo plate: Fish taco, steak taco and a pork tamale with beans and rice. The fish taco was surprisingly good: Deep fried fish, pico de gallo, some type of southwest sauce and cabbage, but I have had much better from several restaurants and trucks around Vegas for allot less. The steak taco was a mixed deal: 5 slivers of steak, some type of southwest sauce and breaded and deep fried, but soggy, onion strings. I have never seen deep fried onion strings on a steak taco, but gave them a try... Disgusting. All I could taste was grease so I took them off and put them into my napkin, but then I had so much grease on my fingers I had to wave over the manager hiding behind a pillar to bring me more napkins. I asked for some pico de gallo, lime  and cabbage and the manager and waitress watched in wonder as I re-built and ate my taco... Decent taco: The steak was tasty, but there was barely any on the taco and I have had much better for allot less around town without having to make modifications for them to be edible. The pork tamale looked like hot dog wrapped in a thin masa casing with a dark brown gravy on the top. I would say it looked and tasted like it came out of a frozen microwave dinner, but unfortunately that would be unfair to microwave dinners. At least the other stuff looked like it was edible!I am not sure how you can say you are a Mexican restaurant and not have edible refried beans, but "On the Border" managed to do it. The beans tasted like smoked paprika, which overpowered the beans and ruined them. Beans are so easy even Taco Bell manages to not ruin them... Just saying!The rice was surprisingly good: Buttery with just the right amount of what tasted like soy sauce. I ate them all, but was craving a fortune cookie after I finished.  Kind of wierd, but I was hungry.In my opinion, "On the Border" is another chain restaurant that spent a ton of money on marketing and decor, but neglected to invest in their menu. The staff apparently knows the food is terrible, because they never ask, "How is everything?", but instead ask, "Do you want anything else?". The bar area is beautiful, but deserted, which is a shame, because there are only a handful of restaurants in the Centenial area and a ton of potential for a decent Mexican restaurant and Cantina to be successful.'