b'This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.  Oh, how things have changed.There are some goods, however.  If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.  But don\'t think about parking here for said conventions.  $30 a day for parking, Hilton?  Seriously?  That\'s robbery.  And greed.The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.  Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.  It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy.... It\'s dead, Jim. The "Space Lounge" is still there.  An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.  Except there\'s no casino here.  It\'s a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.  All of this space, and nothing.  No life to it.  Couches and beer signs only make the emptiness and waste of the area seem more empty and pathetic.With their main draw gone, what has replaced it as the headliner?  Benihana\'s.  Nothing wrong with the restaurant, but it\'s hardly unique or exclusive, even in Vegas.  The Hilton has a Pizza Hut Express here too.  Maybe they should promote that as their "big draw" on the marquee as well.  A huge Benihana sign covers up the old entrance to Star Trek.  With couches pushed in front of the entryway.  Again, just sad, and I\'ll be a big man in saying that they kind of broke my heart getting rid of one of my most beloved hang-outs here.The arcade is dead as well.  Another blanketed off space that sits and collects dust.  Again, with two-plus years, no suitable replacement has been found for anything in this section.  A few shops that fluctuate, but that\'s it.  This is a lot of dead space to go unused.  There\'s also the issue of the Men\'s bathroom in the main casino area.  Above every urinal is a picture of a lust-crazed girl staring over your bits with a camera, magnifying glass, tape measure, etc, while you pee.  The first time I saw this, it was "ha ha" funny, then when the laughter died, it just turned creepy and weird for me.  I actually selected a urinal based off which girl creeped me out the least.  She merely looked like she was casting spells at my nethers.  I could live with that.Ladies: I must know.  Is there something like this in the girl\'s restroom?  When you close the stall door to do your business, is there a picture of some crazed guy making grabbing motions where your boobs would be?  Please message me and let me know.  I\'d really like to know what the Hell you get in your bathroom after my gender\'s discovery.As critical as I am being, there looks to be some sort of steampunk-themed club called "Triumph" there.  I want to check this out.  Atonement for the death of my beloved Warp Core Breach booze bowl?  We\'ll see, but it\'s going to have to be pretty good to replace the hole in my heart from that much booze for so cheap a price.The sad part is, Hilton\'s one of those "history rich" casinos here.  Look up the history on this place.  A lot of awesome stars and vintage Vegas stuff happened here, which makes you wonder why this isn\'t represented more.This place is great for convention visitors to stay, but that\'s about it as far as I can see.  They need to figure themselves out for everything else.'