b"So we were sent here by Urgent Care. We opted out of taking the ambulance because you know...thats expensive. Well my roommate and I regret that. We waited 3 hours in the lobby. My roommate had shortness of breath and sever abdominal pain, on the paperwork it says if either one of those is in your symptoms then notify hospital staff for immediate assistance. So of course I let them know but we still waited for 3 hours, if it was super serious, I am sure my roommate would be passed out in the lobby by then. The lady with glasses and long hair, a little on the bigger side, was very rude and showed no care what so ever when I told her that my roommate could not breath. So finally after 3 hours we get called in, they do some basic tests then send us back out to the lobby again. Another hour later we finally got admitted in. The nurse Shaundra is amazing! She was very friendly and helpful along with an EMT guy named Ben Davis. Both of them were amazing but unfortunately we lost them after 40 minutes because of a shift change and we ended up getting really grumpy staff. The doctor during the whole situation was a little off, she kept laughing for no reason when she would explain what was wrong with my roommate. I don't know if that is a medical issue she is going through herself but I felt it was a little unprofessional to laugh while explaining what is wrong with a patient. Anyways my roommate had 1 ultrasound and 2 cts. Seven hours later, waiting in the hospital, they finally gave us some results and said that they don't know what is causing the pain and shortness of breathe but you also have gastritis and a few cysts on your ovaries but thats not what causing your symptoms but here is your medicine for the other stuff. Have a good night. So my roommate was sent home still in severe pain because the hospital could not figure out what was going on. Very helpful. I am only giving two stars for Shaundra and Ben who were amazingly awesome. This hospital is lucky to have them."