b'Discount Tires does some things very well, sell tires, get cars in and out very quickly and professionally. If there is a problem with the tires that isn\'t typical, their customer service skills and professionalism weren\'t apparent to me... I purchased a set of wheels and tires for my truck in July of 2011, have had a constant vibration at highway speeds since these were installed (until this past Wednesday, new tires from Firestone, they match prices too, go figure). Returning week after week (I work during the week, would go here on Saturdays) didn\'t solve it, they\'d re-balance, tell me they were going to torque the rims with the vehicle up in the air, tell me they would do a road force balancing, etc. then blame the truck!I have lifetime alignments on the truck, every 5k there is an oil change, alignment adjustment and rotate and balancing. Front end has been checked by Nissan, Firestone and yours truly.  I don\'t think things have changed that much in the industry from 15 years ago where I would call the manufacturer of the tire and work out a pro-ration and exchange for a different type of tire (customer pays for tread used) when a tire just doesn\'t work on a vehicle or someone isn\'t satisfied with the tires. I was at the point where I was ready to purchase 2 new to replace the worn and talk to Yokohama about pro-rating the other 2. Almost 3 years of "trying", we\'re done. Straw the broke the camel\'s back though was their selective measurement of the tire tread. 4 months ago, I was measured at 5/32nds (new is 10-12 and legally bald is 2-3). 2 months later I bring her to Discount to see how much I\'ll get for the mileage warranty and was told the tires are at 6/32nds.... no way they can do a mileage warranty. They wouldn\'t measure the center that was showing wear bars. I leave... 2 weeks later, have the truck at Firestone for her alignment and oil change, they measure the rear tires at 4/32nds and find a nail in a sidewall of one of them. OK, 4/32nds at FS, 6/32nds at DT, let\'s go use my replacement certificate. Of course, when measuring for a road hazard replacement, they only measure the center which is at 2/32nds.  NOW he wants to talk mileage warranty?!??!?!  Now I know why that lady threw her tire of the store in their commercials =). Ever not satisfied, just bring it back...? I tried, then I spent my hard earned money elsewhere.'