b'Here are the main points for those speed readers out here:1. This is a nail school in a not so great part of town;2. Because it is a school, the quality and consistency of the services is unreliable;3. Don\'t buy the Groupon. Call the salon first, tell them you would like an appointment, and when they ask about Groupon, tell them you were going to buy one. This will ensure you get an appointment right away, as they can only do so many Groupons per day, and they will honor the Groupon price regardless;4. The manicurists/students are all incredibly sweet and friendly;5. This is a no frills, no massage chair salon (which I prefer as those massage chairs are filled with nasty, gross tubes filled with other peoples nail gunk that can never be cleaned out, ew).6. Make sure you have time to burn, my mani/pedi took over two hours!I decided to visit this salon because Groupon sent me an email advertising their Groupon. I was interested in the gel manicure and spa pedicure for $25, as it sounded like a very good deal. I called the salon before purchasing the Groupon to check their availability. The asked right away if I was calling with a Groupon, and whether or not I had purchased one yet. I indicated that I had not, and they said that was excellent, as they can only take so many Groupon customers per day, but that they would offer the Groupon price anyways if I just came in.This salon is located in a not so fabulous part of town, but I would hardly classify it as ghetto. If this side of town is ghetto to you, you clearly have never been to a real ghetto before. The customer service that I experienced here was on par with any other salon. They were friendly when they greeted me, offered coffee or water, and were all smiles. The women who did my manicure and pedicure were both incredibly sweet, and their customer service was phenomenal. However, this IS A SCHOOL. As such, the quality and consistency of the services are not reliable. I had to wash and scrub my own nails, and my manicure left much to be desired. The gel is inconsistent, wrinkled, does not cover my whole nail, and the tips were left exposed. It is simply awful. I was very disappointed with my manicure. My pedicure, however, turned out okay with minimal polish on the skin. So it\'s really just a fluke whether or not your service will be good I suppose.Since this is a school, the students work very slowly as they learn, so make sure you have time to burn. The whole mani/pedi experience lasted over two hours, and I had two women working on me at the same time. I decided to try this Groupon because of the neat pics of nail art other Yelpers had posted, but that was a mistake. Do not come here looking for anything other than solid color gel manicures, this is not the place. Overall, even though this place is a good deal, remember what your parents always said, "if the deal is too good to be true, it probably is." The stars I gave are for the students who, as I said, are incredibly sweet and well intentioned, but that a manicurist does not make. I would not recommend this salon, nor will I be returning.'