b'I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this place, but the truth is that good sushi isn\'t exactly scarce here, so you\'ll need a few other points of pride if you want to do well.  We\'ve been twice.  The first time was right after they opened.  We approached the hostess stand to the right (if you\'re standing in front of the restaurant) and the girl snarled, "You need to put your names in over there," pointing to the other hostess stand to the left (basically just a counter where menus were spread out).  Okay.  Our visit that time was unremarkable - nice waiter, good food, really dead for a place that just opened.It was the second visit this weekend that solidified my opinion.  Wouldn\'t ya know, we approached the "correct" counter this time and stood there waiting.  And waiting.  And... waiting.  A hostess approached... no, she diverted to the right-hand stand and began counting out her drawer.  After a couple minutes I cleared my throat, she looked up and said, "Um, are you dining in?"  I said, "Yes, we were hoping to, but we\'ve been standing here for almost ten minutes."  Not even the grace for a perfunctory apology, she grabbed two menus and stalked into the restaurant.  I assumed we were meant to follow her, so we did.  Big mistake!We ordered two apps (garlic edamame and eggplant fries, both good) and three rolls (two of which were very good).  I don\'t know what to say about the third roll, a baked roll, because it never came.  We waited and waited... our waitress disappeared.  She finally showed up and we asked for the check, which of course, included the missing roll.  We explained that we didn\'t receive it and asked her to take it off the check.  She was embarrassed, very nice, about it, but explained that "the first one got burned and they are trying to make you another one."  Really, 30 minutes after our food came out?  And no one was going to tell us unless we asked?  There were literally three other occupied tables in the restaurant.  The bartender was eating a pretzel.  It\'s not like it was too busy to handle the Saga of the Burned Roll.Needless to say we will not be back.'