b'I used to go this office, but as other reviewers have noted, they made a pair of glasses wrong (one lens blurred, could not read with that eye), and then told me, well, your other eye will compensate so you can still read. Really???? What a great way to handle an error in the production of the glasses.  When I objected to being relegated to reading with one eye with my new glasses, the reply was..."Well, then you\'ll have to see the Dr. again, and no, he is not available now."  No offer to look up his schedule and see when I could see him again, or see if another Dr. could see me then to resolve it.  After the poor response to the problem (you would think they would have some professional way to deal with when glasses come back from the mfr/lens maker and there is an unexpected issue).  I told them I\'m not a patient here any longer and took my useless glasses home and resolved to find a quality optometry office and start over.  I did call back and spoke with an Office Mgr, who stated she would look into the matter and get back to me, but never did.  So I called again and toild them to toss my file out and not contact me again for any future appts.  Another thing about their exams.....as part of your exam, they offer to take optional (extra cost) retina photos so you can also have a look at your retinas on a computer screen with the Dr., using a clumsy cube-shaped camera. You sit there and they have you smush your face up against a flat glass panel on the front while they take repeated attempts to get a good photo of your retina. They charge extra if you want this option. Then they raised the price, and I declined due to raising the price. They were charging plenty for that option already.  I moved to a different office that does not charge anything extra at all for the retina photos, and uses a better camera than the camera cube, so no more smushing my face against a flat glass window.(Note: using fake name here for privacy protection from internet identity thieves.)'