b"A friend decided to try Heist for a brunch get together. I was not familiar with their brunch set up and imagined a typical brunch menu. We were told we could eat at the buffet and order one entr\xc3\xa9e from their brunch menu. It wasn't until I started reading the reviews on Yelp that I even knew they had an omelet and waffle station... Our waitress seemed to have a slight attitude ... she didn't notify us, well at least my section of the table (there were around 12 of us )  of additional stations. When our table asked for clarification of entrees  on the menu she had even more of an attitude. I can't find the brunch menu online so I will do my best to describe my entree. It was a layer of French fires, a short rib, egg and then white bbq sauce layered in a bowl. It wasn't clear that this would all come in one bowl and essentially mixed together so when I read the description of the fried egg I asked to have it scrambled. The waitress then told me she can't guarantee that they can scrambled it ... to which I asked her if she could go ask .. instead of telling me she can't guarantee it. My friends ordered Mimosa's and felt as if they weren't coming frequently enough for the price. Another friend ordered an entr\xc3\xa9e without pork and then even asked the server when he dropped it off if it had pork twice and he said no ... the dish had pork in it. Another friend waited almost 30 mins to receive her food. That was her last straw with the service we received so we asked to speak to manager. Everybody in our party which included around 12 people received half off our bill. Now granted we were a large party and some people came in almost 30 mins after our original start time , I think that the service could have been better.I'm glad that the manager rectified the situation , but I don't know if I would go back from brunch. On a positive note the buffet was pretty good but it would have been nice to know that I could have gotten an omelet and waffle. I would like to try their lunch menu that looks way more appetizing than what I had for brunch."