b"Being raised in the western world, a cup of java is essential in the morning especially good with a cream cheese bagel or a donut or a timbit or a danish or.... ANYHOW, most will agree that NOTHING  beats the smell of fresh coffee in the morning. Or tea. Steeped tea in particular, is tried and true morning picker upper. i will confess that I am a Timmies fanatic and hold it dear to my heart, and it pains me to write such a review about one that was so dear; but I am so VEXED and I need to vent. I am giving this location a 2 star cuz i have nostalgia but really it's a ONE.This particular location has been dear to be for as long as I can remember- it's been my go-to place on any day or night for a lil bit of java fix, whether it be during cramp time for exams or just to catch up with a buddy over a warm cup(s) of whatever; it was open 24 hrs for the longest time which made it the perfect spot.Then it wasn't 24hrs anymore except on Fridays and Saturdays which bites but still good. I have always enjoyed the quick service here even when the line went out the doors and had no problems returning to THIS location even though there are many within walking distance, until recently.So Currently I am working two jobs; one in day and one in night because I am insane. This makes good cup(s) of java essential to my being awake; I can't imagine how much more I spend at Timmies these days.Anywho.Since I have started my night gig(4 months ago), I can't seem to get no satisfaction from this place. The coffee is ALWAYS burnt - I thought maybe it was because I came near closing time that it may be the case. But no, any time after 5pm I have been here, the coffee is BURNT. So I switched to steeped tea; and the friggin TEA is burnt! How do you burn tea? Well it is brewed the way and stored same way coffees are so if it sits for a long time on the burner it burns. Why am I paying for burnt anything? Because the service was good. But the service of the night crew completely shat itself recently- I have never met such rude set of people who not only ignore your existence in the store ,rudely repeat after you, talk in another tongue in front of you(which I find rude) and openly roll their eyes at you. However, beggers can't be choosers and I continued to drink burnt crap because all other Timmies in the area closes before 11pm - until recently. Recently I discovered that this particular set of people -do not practice what we know to be a Timmies practice? you know, writing the time when the pot was brewed and dumping it after a certain time- they ran a national campaign for that not too long ago- yeah, they don't do that here during the night shift.If they are ignoring one of the most fundamental things that makes Timmies what it is , I dare ask what else they're not doing so I am taking my tiny broken wallet else where.That is all. I am done ranting."