b"ProsThe Flamingo in Las Vegas is in a convenient location on the strip a stone's throw from some of the major casinos and resorts. The staff is extremely professional and amicable. We dealt with Brian at the front desk and Jeanette in guest services both of whom were friendly.ConsDespite it's nice location, the room itself was rather gross. To start, the rates online were different than those that we paid. We wanted to pay in cash so we figured we would be better off making the reservation in person. After watching 3 desk agents get up and never come back there was a crowd full of people with only 2 staff members present. After finally making it to the front after 35 or 40 minutes the rates that we ended up paying were not those online but we were both so tired it wasn't even worth bringing up. Five minutes after putting our bags down we realized we made a mistake booking the hotel and wish we had only paid for one night upfront instead of two. There were black stains on the white shower curtain, hairs on the ceiling, mildew in the shower, no fan in the bathroom, no towel hooks in the wall and nicks on the wall. I was looking forward to taking a bath upon arrival but as soon as I saw the tub I knew I would wait until I went back home. Some of the appliances in the room were unplugged forcing us to move the furniture to plug it in ourselves. The sheets were coming off the bed and continued to do so for the rest of our stay. In terms of the WiFi, it was decent but on the slow end and only allowed for 2 devices to be connected at once. The room did not come with a refrigerator or microwave and if we wanted a fridge it was an additional $15 per night not including taxes. There was a constant and unpleasant odor that permeated throughout our room for the 2 nights we stayed. The walls are rather thin so when the people staying to the left of us were in their room we could actually hear the conversation clearly...from our bed...across the room. To top it off the air conditioner was extremely loud and rather irritating. The pools were alright. The pool for those over 21 looked fun but busy while the beach club pool was extremely overcrowded. We left before we even sat down after considering paying the $200 for a cabana just so we would not have to sit an inch away from strangers on either side of us. In addition you weren't allowed to bring water and bags are searched. If water is found they will make you throw it away or the security will not allow you in. Despite the friendliness of the staff and it's location I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Overall it was a rather gross experience. Honestly if I could have I would have gone back downstairs and immediately after check in and asked for a refund but we couldn't do so without a cancellation fee so we decided to stick it out. I wish we had though. The two nights before, we stayed in Tuscany Casino just off the strip and both of us wish we hadn't left. Even though it was 10 mins farther by walking we were better off with a more low key pool, and a room 3 times the size for a better price. Don't make the same mistake we did. Either pay more for a better hotel or stay at Tuscany if you don't mind walking farther."