b'I had over $2000 worth of work done on my car here 2 years ago.  Tint job, and car audio installation were the two major things I had worked on at this shop.  I have an older car with the dot matrix at the top of the back window for the defroster.  I don\'t know much about tinting, so I didn\'t know that it would like shit when trying to tint over the dot matrix.  I go to pickup my car that night, and was told by the owner - "Don\'t worry it just has to set, and then it won\'t show any more."  I ask how long, and am told about a week.  A week goes by and it looks exactly the same.  I bring it back, and the story changes.  "Oh, it\'s the dot matrix at the top..it can\'t be helped, that\'s just the way it turns out.  I\'ll have my installer use a heat gun, press it out and see if we can get it to look better."  It actually looks much worse after all is said and done.  I have no complaints about the tinting on the other windows....except.   When I originally went to pickup my car after the initial installation the owner was working on another car where the owner blamed him for the window getting jammed up and coming off track after getting his tint done.   Ironically my passenger side window went off track a week or so after getting work done here, and it scratched up my newly installed tint.  The owner said it wasn\'t his fault, and they would not replace the tint.  Now to the car audio installation.  The installation looks clean.  I have had no problems with the way it looks.   However I was sold on having the steering wheel controller installed.  (controls the volume and FF/RW tracks on the steering wheel).  He was unable to get it to work, and instead of offering a refund (89.99) I was told it was my problem, and I had to go to the dealership to fix the steering wheel control?  So I\'m out 89.99!  The original subwoofer that was installed, blew out after a year.  It has a year warranty, so I was able to get a replacement subwoofer at no charge - BUT he charged me $35 to cover the shipping cost of the subwoofer to his shop.  I ended up paying it...hoping that would be the last of it.  NOPE, 11 months later, the subwoofer blows again...I call the shop this morning, and leave a message to have the owner call me.  No call as of yet, and I probably won\'t expect to get one.  I\'ve also emailed about some other issues in the past, and never got a response.  Mind you - I did get a response when it was about buying new products, but got very minimal feedback when having to have a problem addressed. Needless to say - I\'m done with this shop.  I\'ll take my hard earned money, and business elsewhere.  Besides - I don\'t want to pay another $35 for another subwoofer to get shipped.  That would be $70, and it will probably blow again, in another year - at which point I would be paying the cost for a new subwoofer anyway, and wasting more time, for a business that obviously doesn\'t care to retain their clients.'