b"The two star here is all for food. Me and my husband went for dinner last night. Not our first time. We go there often for some good prime rib, classy service and quite time. However, we had a horrible experience this time. Real BAD SERVICE!! Our server was Adam. He introduced himself as Adam, although his name tag had Amir written on it. He was completely untrained or new or just didn't want to be there. We could tell because we've been there so many times before. It was just all wrong from start to finish. He didn't know his beers. Forgot to bring his spatulas for the spinning salad bowl. It was actually funny,, he spun the bowl, realized he had forgotten his equipments and excused himself to get them leaving the bowl spinning. Funny. We figured, it happens, no big deal. But it started getting to me when he didn't even bother to check up on us. Not once. We had to get someone else to get us some more ojus ( beef broth). Now, my husband and I both being from the hospitality industry, we understand sometimes it's just tough to get to the table when you're slammed and busy. THIS DUDE HAD ONE TABLE HE WAS WAITING ON. US! It was a slow tuesday night for heaven's sake. He walked pass us like at least 3 times yet never once check up if everything was okay and if we needed something. He totally didn't mention anything about the horseradish sauces which we noticed sitting in the corner after we had stopped eating. I wish he had  as I absolutely would have loved some.  He finally showed up after we were done and had stopped eating. He offered dessert, we said no. And then he just started clearing my plate. HELLO? WE GOT BIG CHUNKS OF PRIME RIB LEFT ON OUR PLATE? MAYBE WE WANT TO BRING IT HOME? I had to stop him and ask him to wrap them go. Like I said,, worst service ever. It seemed like he just didn't want to be there or he was new and nervous! I don't know! But it was bad!! Definitely not Lawry's standard. And it was our anniversary !!! I wanted to talk to the manager just so they know what's going on but We didn't want to ruin his night. He had already ruined ours!!! But then again i figured Lawry's need to know this so i decided to yelp. THANK GOD THE FOOD WAS AMAZING AS ALWAYS!!!"