b'This is a tough one to score, we wanted to like it, but must lean toward "just below average" for the whole experience.We drove out from old town Scottsdale on Sat night, not wanting to deal with the huge 7PM crowds there.  At first it looks to be sort of a divey spot, on a gritty looking stretch of Bell.  The place was about 1/2 full.  The waitress and bartender were friendly.  We were still optomistic.We ordered the famous pulled pork.  Wife got the sandwich with $1 side salad.  I got the plate.  Salad was very good.  Food came fast.  Now, the irks begin.My $14 mound of pulled pork has no bread.  I asked the waitress if I get bread.  She say no, but I can BUY 2 dinner rolls for $1.  OK but HUH?!  Did I just come to a BBQ place, a place that sells themselves as BBQ, that served me pulled pork w/o bread?  YUP.  BBQ Cardinal Rule #1, broken.  Please go to TX, GA, Carolinas and see how this is properly served.So I get the bread and dig in. But  I want more sauce.  I dawns on me, no BBQ sauce on table.  HUH?  There goes Cardinal Rule #2:  place touts itself as BBQ but is stingy with the sauce.So after a few I start looking for the obligatory stack of extra napkins.  None to be found.  HUH?  No extra napkins to wipe the slop off our hands and faces?  YUP.  No extra napkins.  Cardinal Rule #3.  I ask the waitress.  She says OK but never brings the napkins.  And they offer no hand wipes after dinner.  Cardinal Rule #4?The pork was cooked perfectly, tender and juicy, but was bland.  The flavor came from the scant ration of BBQ sauce squirted over it in the kitchen.  I cook pullled pork, I know how to do it well, and IMO they need to work on the seasoning.  Red potatoes and gravy were great.  That\'s a 4-STAR dish.So the bill comes.  She charges us $4 for the $1 salad.  Five mins later we get her attention.  She fixes the bill, we pay (and far undertip our standard $20+ to 30%), and leave sticky.It\'s the failure to deliver the essentials that kills this place for me.  They\'re clearly cutting costs, and doing it in the wrong places.'