b'The queso is ridiculously good... seriously. And the homemade tortillas are also outstanding.Aside from that, everything is average at best. As mentioned by others, this is Americanized Mexican cuisine. This is not autentica comida Mexicana, mi amigos!We had been once before and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Hence making it a point to visit again on our most recent trip to Arizona.We started with the chips and salsa set for the table - delicious. I ordered a bunch of queso for the table, and I started with a Tortilla Soup. It was hilariously underwhelming. I made the joke that it was kitchen scraps, and it looked the part. It was light tomato broth with a bunch of vegetables, a gob of cheese and a small corn on the cob on top. Yes, a small corn on the cob is on top. It was lousy and I wouldn\'t recommend it.We ordered a pound of chicken fajitas and a half pound of vegetable ones (thanks to the vegetarian fiancee). It went surprisingly far for five of us... but the veggies weren\'t grilled much, which is sad because they were otherwise delicious. Also, the chicken fajitas only had one piece of green pepper and one of red on top. It should be lush with peppers and onions that have been grilled or possibly even caramelized (the onions).Daniel E. wrote in his review the same concern, that there should be "more than a pile of onions," that he expected at least some green, red or yellow peppers. The fajitas were good and quite filling. The accompaniments were decent - cheese, lettuce, sour cream and the like. Nothing fancy, certainly no frills.So much potential, but it fails on almost everything. It\'s a true shame. This place needs to be on Restaurant Impossible with Robert Irvine... badly...This time around... the service was really lousy. And my fiancee found a bug deep down in her water. Very disappointing. The waitress first replied confirming what size bug it was, and then explained it and claimed that "we\'re not dirty, it\'s just the food smell." Then she apologized and walked away. We think she deducted a soda from the final bill... but nothing else. A bug!And the entry foyer smelled like a high school locker room... it was foul on the way in and out.Sad to say that we may likely not return in the future. I\'m not sure if our family and friends in the greater Phoenix area will either after the bug incident.'