b'I stopped by here for dinner and wasn\'t impressed. At first, I was standing in front of the al pastor because the menu above says "Express Line" under each description, so I naturally stood where it said the express line for the al pastor was. Then an employee came over and told us to order with her at another area. They really need to put up the signs better because it\'s confusing. If I\'d been here before I\'d know, but being this was my first time, I had no idea and just went with what the menu said. The lady who took my order was very nice and the inside appeared clean. I have to say the salsa/veggie bar is larger here than at most places with more of a variety. Our food was to-go, so we stood near the supposed "Express Line" and waited for our order to be up. I thought it was strange that the whole time I was there the al pastor on the spit wasn\'t turned on. No spinning meat, just meat there on the spit. I also never saw anybody carve any meat off for the tacos I ordered. Al Pastor Taco ($2) - Just meat, tortilla and if you\'d like they will add pineapple at no charge. This was just bad. I only took 2 bites and then couldn\'t eat anymore. Some of the al pastor was so badly charred and the parts that weren\'t had zero flavor. They don\'t even out onions and cilantro on them! I kinda thought that was crazy to be honest. The menu shows what the tacos look like and they have onions and cilantro on them. If the meat and tortilla were good enough, it wouldn\'t even need anything else, but this wasn\'t anything tasty and I\'d bet money the corn tortillas on my tacos came from a grocery store and weren\'t made on site. "Ranchero Al Pastor Taco" ($3.50) - This taco has al pastor, beans, sour cream, guacamole and cheese. The toppings saved me on this taco. While I only found one glob of melted cheese, the beans, sour cream and guacamole had good flavor. Those toppings helped me get the taco down thank goodness because that first taco just wasn\'t edible. Hubby had asada tacos and I tried a bite and spit it right back out because it was gristle. I wasn\'t happy with the overall taste of my food and can\'t see returning.'