b"My visiting out-of-towners, extended family aren't really adventurous eaters, despite the fact they have a ton of places to choose from in Vegas, of all places, to eat. We decided on Mimi's since it's kinda like Chili's - everybody will be able to find something to eat. I went here on August 19th around 8:30ish PM.   The place was completely dead yet it still took a good 10 minutes for a table to be set up for 9 of us (we were seated at a large round table.) I don't know why,  but for an empty place, we sure got terrible service. I got one refill despite us being there more than an hour and a half. I wasn't the only one at the table with the lack of refill. Nobody would take away our dishes either, so we were stacking all our bread plates, salad plates, dinner plates, trash, bread baskets, and empty cups on the lazy susan so we'd have enough room on the table to eat. I have the picture to prove it too.I tried to order my usual - the kid's meal turkey dinner, no potatoes, double stuffing, with an unsweetened ice tea. Nope, the waitress wouldn't let me because I'm not under 12. I hate these age restrictions on menus - especially since I've ordered this a million times to go back in Cali. I ended up ordering the French Dip with no sides, just a side salad, no croutons with ranch. After picking out the croutons, the salad was fine. It took a long time for the meals to come out, and my sister and aunt only ordered french onion soup - and for some reason, they had to wait about 10 minutes after everybody else's food to come out to get their soups. We eat as a family so our food was getting cold waiting for their meals to come out. My French Dip came with cole slaw that I didn't order - BLEH. It was gross (I hate cole slaw, so I'm biased.) I took half of my sandwich home and tried to wrap it in a paper doily I found in the bread basket to protect it from the nasty cole slaw that my dad said he'd eat. I ended up throwing out the bread and just eating the meat off of the sandwich the next day. Meh.For 9 of us to eat (2 of the meals were kids' meals,  2 French onion soups, 2 adult turkey dinners, 1 broiled chicken dish, 1 beef dish and a French dip sandwich) it was about $105 and they still couldn't clear off the table or get the check to us in a timely manner. BOO.Mimi's, I'm over you!"