b"It's always good to see a new restaurant in town, and this morning we tried the recently opened Kimmie's.  Unfortunately, the food and service were awful.  We will not be back.  When we arrived at around 9:30 on a Saturday morning, the restaurant was not crowded.  Even so, the service was very slow.  There seemed to be one waiter and one busboy on duty.  The waiter seated us and then vanished.  My husband finally went over to the coffee station, brought the pot  to our table and filled our empty cups.  The coffee was fair -- not great.  We eventually saw the waiter, at the back of the room talking on his cell phone.  After a wait of nearly half an hour, we were getting up to leave.  The busboy suddenly appeared and took our order.Our meal arrived quickly.  The busboy who brought our food dropped the containers of jam onto the floor, picked them up, stacked them back in their little holder and put them onto our table.  Needless to say, we skipped the jam.  We asked repeatedly for butter for our toast & biscuit, and finally my husband headed for the kitchen to find some.  He was intercepted by the busboy, who brought butter.  By this time, our toast & biscuit were stone cold.My veggie omelet was so greasy that I couldn't eat it.  My biscuit was obviously a pre-packaged item, which had been split and toasted on the grill in an apparent effort to make it seem fresh.My husband's scrambled eggs and sausage were OK -- nothing special.  The bacon strips were curled up in little balls ... apparently no one in the kitchen knows how to cook bacon.  The sliced tomato was good.The menu is enormous.  Based on our experience this morning, I would guess that most of the food is precooked, prepackaged and just heated in the microwave or otherwise warmed for service.  Icky!If you want a delicious, fresh breakfast in Fountain Hills, our best recommendations are Sofrita on Avenue of the Fountains (great coffee, interesting fresh food, creative decor) or EuroPizza Cafe on Saguaro in Lakeside Plaza (good coffee, good fresh food, lovely view of the lake and fountain).  For bagels, try DJs on Palisades in the Safeway center.  We would suggest steering clear of Kimmie's."