b'I\'m happy that Nevada has a no-kill shelter option, but when you\'re dropping an animal off, the staff is not very nice at all.One evening I heard the sounds of kittens mewling LOUDLY outside my apartment building. I went to check it out and found three very tiny kittens huddled together under the stairs. They were way too fast and it was way too dark (I was using my cell phone as a flash light) to catch, so I left water and softened food out for them. The next day it was all gone.Fast forward a few weeks, I\'m outside my apartment with friends and I spot the kittens huddled together outside a patio of the building across from me. There were three and we successfully caught two, a white one and an orange tabby. They were crying like crazy, but no other cat (or human) came out to inspect what was going on, so we figured they were abandoned.I took them to my place, put them in my cat\'s pet carrier with towels, a warm bottle, some water and softened food. They ate the food like they\'d never seen food in their lives. We went back to where we found them because the apartment with the patio where they were sleeping, we could see it was abandoned, but there were two more kittens inside. The abandoned apartment was open and it was clear a cat colony had moved in. The carpet of the three bedroom apartment was covered in feces. We had no luck grabbing the other kittens (then ran to a hole by the dishwasher). I told my apartment maintenance about the apartment (they happened to be next door installing a washer) and they said they would try to take a look at the apartment later that day.I spent the next few days calling animal rescuers I knew, the humane society and the SPCA. No one was willing to take the kittens, and they told me I should foster them or keep them myself. I thought I was doing the right thing by rescuing these kittens, but I was really starting to regret it. The kittens did not want to be touched and the only time they didn\'t cry was when they ate and immediately after when they went to sleep.Almost a week later I got a call from the SPCA, they would take the kittens the next morning. I brought them in and explained who I was. No one said anything to me, just put two forms in front of me. I started filling them out and a woman came from the back hallway and without saying anything to me, opened the carrier with the kittens. I told her to be careful because the white one is really vicious. She ignored me and stuck her hand right in, only to snatch it out after the little white kitten went crazy and tried to attack her.A second woman (who also didn\'t say a word to me or even look at me) managed to get the orange one out, held him by the scruff upside down and was saying "come one, lift up your neck, show me you\'re strong". I thought that was odd, but they\'re the professionals.The first woman got the white kitten out by using the towel that I had in the carrier to toss over his head then pull him out. She grabbed him by the scruff, but he was still going crazy, hissing and twisting around. The two women though it was funny.I told them about the abandoned apartment with two and possibly more kittens. And the two women just walked away with the kittens (and my towel) and I was left just standing there. I didn\'t expect an in depth sit down session to explain what was happening, but could you at least introduce yourself? Do I need to pay a fee? Are the kittens going to be okay? Is there anything that can be done about the cat colony apartment?I\'m thankful for the service they provide but it doesn\'t have to be such an awkward experience.'