b'When I walked in and saw the person at the front desk on a personal call, I knew I should have turned around and left. She did not end the call while I stood there. There was no one else in the waiting room. If I was feeling better I would have found some place else to go. She finally finishes her call and acknowledges me. I complete the required paperwork. I go to bring it to her and she is on another call with a patient. She saw me walk up with my paperwork and place it on the counter in front of her. Another person walks in, she ends her call and proceeds to help the next person, after taking all her info she stands up and says to me "why didn\'t you tell me you completed your paperwork". I did not even answer her as I knew I would have been rude. She calls me up, tells me I have to pay completes the transaction. I sit back down. The lady from back calls me back. Asks what is wrong, asks about medicines I am taking and my history. I am telling her everything, and she keeps asking me how do you spell it. Everything I said she could not spell. OK, I know medicines and diagnosis are not easy to spell but seriously, I was getting pretty annoyed at this. Plus all the while she is sniffling, I was already sick and the last thing I need is for it to get worse. The Doctor came in a few minutes later, and says hello and says you have the flu. Alrighty then, I could have told her that myself. that is why I have not gone anywhere till today. She finally says well let me take a look, we are talking about my headaches, she says well I can\'t diagnosis headaches, you should to to the ER for a cat scan. That was it for me. A cat scan for the flu. She tells me to rest for two more days she will give me a note for my employer. Pick up the note up front. I get back to the front ask for my note. My favorite receptionists says we only give those if you ask. I reply the Doctor told me to come get it, not the other way around. I honestly could not take another minute of this so called urgent care. I said i do not need the note and left. I do not need the note. I do not call in to work, so I am not worried. The bottom line is this place is a sham for an urgent care. If you are ill, honestly go to your own Dr. if you can, Even quick care is better than this. I give it two stars because my crankiness may be playing a part in how I am writing this. I am trying to be fair., by taking into consideration I do not feel well.'