b"My housemate had a good experience here with gall bladder removal surgery, but I can't say the same for a recent emergency visit.  After an invasive medical procedure at another hospital -- see immediately preceding review -- I developed a high fever with severe chills.  I am diabetic which means a fever over a certain level is a cause for immediate concern and mine was above that point.While the emergency room was very fast (probably because I went there around 3 AM and they weren't busy) they were completely useless.  After taking my history which mentioned the diabetes and recent invasive procedure, the young doctor who examined me said it was probably the flu and sent me home. I took a copy of the bloodwork as I wanted to take it to my personal care doctor the next day.  I looked at the various white cell counts and noticed the neutrophils were high and the remainder of white cell types were normal.  After consulting Wikipedia, I learned this is a definite indicator of bacterial infection - the various other white blood cell types react to viruses or parasites, but neutrophils (the ones that create pus) are specifically there to fight bacteria.  So obviously, this was not the flu, which is viral.  My personal care doctor wisely gave me antibiotics - including an injection - the next morning.   I strongly believe this was a case of sepsis so if I had not questioned his diagnosis and gone to see her I might have become very sick or possibly died.The doctor who saw me was foreign, but one wold think that proper reading knowledge  of blood work - especially something apparently  as basic as knowing the difference between types of white cells - would necessary to become a doctor.  Perhaps he slept through med school that day.  I welcome comments from the instution or those in the medical profession.This was especially obnoxious as the ER was totally not busy and they had plenty of time to examine things carefully.  The extra start is due to the better care my housemate had with his surgery; otherwise I would not have given it."