b'ugh I really wish I don\'t have to leave a bad review for this place. I have been coming here for years and I have brought in so many more customers for this place personally that I introduced this place to all my close friends when they would always walk by n straight to Starbucks next door . This place was shut down for 3 months due to not able to pay store rent in 2009-2010,i try to help n come more.I hv had 2 separated incidents in this place that disgruntle  employees are being rude. First time was in summer, when I just adopted a small Yorkie puppy that he was only 4 months old weight 4 pounds at time. when I was looking into the store window, a couple at patio liked my puppy so much offered to look after him at end side of patio in exchange that they get to pat him. my puppy is very small dude and he doesn\'t bark or bite. So instead of tying my puppy to the patio pole I left to the couple who\'s enjoying coffee at their patio chair. I quickly ran in to try to get my big usual chocolate chunk cookie asap but there was a line up that I had to line for about 5 minutes. During that time I kept checking on puppy on the patio window trying to make sure everything is okay. I got the cookies n were about to come out, a women (first I thought was a man first) with very shirt hair like buzz cut came up screaming (in a very public harsh n grunting voice, EXTREMELY DEGRATING) : "YOU KNOW YOU ARENT ALLOWED TO HAVE DOGS IN PATIO?" I was in shock wasn\'t because I was wrong was it was so unforsceen n someone shouted at me out of nowhere in public. The line of people standing beside me were like"what\'s going on". She rambled something else after in the same mannar, I don\'t remember what she said but was definitely VERY SELF RIGHTES AND CONDESENDING, her face reassemble with some with heartrate. I quickly grab my stuff n left . Feeling very HURT. I brought in SO MANY more customers when I developed a liking to this place. I brought at least 10 friends here to have them try this place n telling how good their cookeis are. And what I got was being LECTURED IN FRONT OF MASS AUDIANCE! I thought it was fine I had my puppy tied up in patio , he was pocket size clearly would do no harm. I only had him for a month it was my first dog I had no idea about patio laws prior. Just come up pull me aside to give me heads up, instead of yelling cross the room in public! This is Canada for god sake, what are ppl\'s manners. I didn\'t come to the bakery for a month after that incident. Just left a very sour taste after that time n makes me cringe every time I walk by the store. Finally time heals wounds, one day I passed by I decided to bring some cookie to friends and I walked in. I mentioned an employee n asked who was that short hair manly person that\'s so angry. Not saying trying to bash her looks, u really have no idea if she is a man or not just by looking at her. They confirmed that she is a chef at location, not the boss, also a VERY grumpy person to work with n didn\'t know why she would come to the front to yell at customers because she was suppose to stay at back. So I left at that assume she was having a bad day and came to the front and saw something she didn\'t like n happened to yell at me. Second incident is its a few months apart, I came in one day before store closing. They had full tray of baked pear and apple pastries. I was normally getting a cookie but decided to take a tart too. The lady was annoyed when I asked her how much it was, it was mildly annoyed. Then I kinda debated between the two tarts, when I finally decided to go with pear, she grabe me a small dry piece from the edge of the tray. I don\'t like dry pastries so I asked her to switch to a middle piece. then she tried to shovel the tart n cookie in the same white small tinny paper bag I had to request please put them in separate bag, and toss in a plastic bag too because their pastries are greasy n they always soak through paper bag . She was increasingly irritated n I could tell she was thinking I gave her hard time on purpose. The final bill came $8.91 something which was like wow! for a cookie and small piece pear thing! I double asked her how much it was for the tart, she was like : $4.99. when I say the tart. I guess its called tart, its like 2.5x2.5 x0.8 inch high flaky crossant like texture pastry. it was like $5.61 I ate the whole thing in 4 bites. I was suspicious of if she over charged me so I asked how much it was she said :"$5.99last night I came to the location to get a cookie they had the exact same thing and she was there too. after I bought a cookie I asked her how much that pear pastry was. she was like:$3.99! Bang This place has great pastries and great coffee. However I would not want to stay here. They seem to have high turn over of store front employees who don\'t take their job seriously. They also have angry employee at back comes to front to throw a tantrum at "young looking face" customers. Its totally not acceptable.'