b"My long time technician moved out of state, so I have visited a few salons to find my new 'nail home'. Yes, the salon itself is decorated very tastefully, it does smell pleasant, but it also has the feel of an assembly line. I arrived, door was opened, and was told not only yet, but to pick out my polish.  I signed in (I was second, the first was an appointment) left, and returned before 'OPEN' time only to find two handsful of people in line. I was again, three times, to pick out my color - it was on the receptionist's desk - each time asked! My tech had no (good) personality at all. I attempted, several times with her, to have cheerful small talk but it was difficult.  I had a snack with me during my pedi, which she kept staring at. I took two bites and put it away. Very non-gentle treatment with feet, legs, hands. Grabbing, pushing, shoving out of the way.  Good pedi, except for sharp corners left on toenails. On to mani, I wanted a gel job just like I walked in with. She had time to look and see what I had.  She complained about the condition of my hands/nails.  (I thought that is what keeps nail salons in business, to make hands/feet pretty, a again). She said I use my hands too much!?!?!?!Then trouble began, she couldn't or didn't want to shape my nails. I wanted oval. She had them square, sharp corners. I attempted by words and hand motions to show her oval smooth corners. She kept filing the ends and not the corners. After 3-4 attempts, she became very agitated talking in her language to another tech. The 2nd tech came over asking me how I wanted the nails done. As I was trying to explain, tech one started speaking, in her language, very angrily. I told the tech 2 that even know I didn't understand the la gauge, I knew tech 1 was speaking very harshly about me and I didn't appreciate it. Tech 2 took over, as tech 1 left still speaking angrily through the salon. The 2nd tech did a fantastic job on my nails, but because she was pulled away from her client to take over for tech 1, she was not happy, and very rushed.  Again, just like an assembly line!!We ladies go to get our nails done to have them to look nice, but at the same time it is our little oasis of time to 'feel' pampered and relaxed!! Sadly, this was not the case during my PAID visit to this salon."