b'Wants to appear sophisticated but obviously misses the mark, like that guy wearing a decent suit with white cotton athletic socks and axe body spray.  So it just sort of comes across as needlessly pretentious. I went with a friend and the owner came by, introduced herself with a very limp handshake and regaled us with the specials, both of which sounded good.  I\'m pretty sure she only stopped by because I was laughing at the Moroccan crepe on the menu.  The description said it had a "chicken and tajine stew."  A Tajine is an earthenware cooking vessel in which you prepare stew, so to have it "and" means you\'ll be eating a cooking vessel (there\'s a few other items on the menu that make it clear they really have no idea what they\'re talking about).When the waitress came by to take our order my friend chose the Chicken Provencal special and I chose the Pastrami special.  Neither of which the waitress was at all familiar with.  Luckily for her the Chef was right behind us.  Then the chef outright stated she had no idea what we were talking about.  Lovely.The waitress goes on to helpfully state that the owner liked to come up with stuff on the spot.  Which is great if she\'s in the kitchen making it but not when she does it while glad-handing customers with no intention of conveying her ideas to her staff.   We asked a few more questions of the chef to see what she thought was what and my friend decided to play it safe and order off the regular menu, I stuck with the Pastrami special.When the crepes arrived, fairly quickly, my friend\'s plate was overflowing with food while mine was very demurely folded into what looked like an empty crepe with some sparse decoration.   The pastrami was tasty but there wasn\'t much there, especially for $12 dollars. My friend said the Hawaiian wasn\'t bad but wasn\'t all that special.   Her crepe cost $14.  I wasn\'t that hungry that I needed a giant pile of food, but it makes them look bad that their portion sizes were so completely inconsistent, especially for the same table. Overall, if they hadn\'t been trying so hard to appear more than they were and just tried to be a consistent, decent crepe place, I\'m pretty sure they\'d warrant a return visit.   As it is, I\'ll spend my money someplace else.'