b'Jazz brunch, complete with a guitarist and bass player. Served 12-2:30pm Sundays only. We made a reservation, not knowing how busy they would be, when we showed up, we were surprised to see not as many people as we anticipated being there. First thing when I was seated in the booth, I immediately noticed a cluster of white hairs and old dried skin flakes right next to me. I wanted to vomit. Grandma had not only left behind the free newspaper they offer, but she also left behind her DNA. The server was apologetic and cleaned it up, then offered me a black napkin in exchange for the white one on the table (bonus point, I had a black dress on). This is a non-traditional style brunch. Going over the menu selection, you can either choose between doing just the AYCE serve yourself brunch for $45, or you can do the AYCE, in addition to entrees (Hong Kong Style Grouper, Belgium Waffle with caramel pecan cream, some of the offerings) for $58. They have a ramen station, along with what they were calling dim sum, there were only two available, pork bun and shrimp shiu mai. A salad station with different offerings like, caprese, waldorf, mediterranean, pasta, etc. A small charcuterie and cheese board (my cheese was hard at the ends) as well as crab claws and what they were calling Kumamoto oysters (I don\'t think they were Kumamoto) and chilled shrimp, as well as some sushi rolls that were about grocery store quality. My favorite station happened to be the fruits. They had lambootan, dragonfruit and my favorite, passion fruit. Dessert station had mostly parfait type offerings, with some cake pops and one truffle and different creme puffs. In addition, they offer "free flowing" Veuve Clicquot for another $35 or mimosas for $19 (this is in addition to the cost of brunch).Service was less than stellar. I had to continually ask for refills on my coffee and water, she didn\'t come around often. I left disappointed. I\'ve had way better brunches in town and at this price point, you can do better.'