b"California Pizza Kitchen has always been one of those places that everyone can agree on. The menu is big enough where there is something for everyone and usually everyone walks away happy. Lately though, the quality of the food as gone way down. Before I went vegetarian I used to always get the chicken waldorf salad and it was always so good. I love the blue cheese and the candied walnuts. They were addicting. Since I've become vegetarian I settled on the hummus appetizer, grilled vegetable salad, and the wild mushroom pizza. Recently though, they have completed revamped the menu, adding new items, taking old favorites off. For some places, menu changes mean new and exciting food opportunities and makes the visit to that place even better. Not for CPK. Recently, since beginning to use yelp, I have wanted to try new places and veer away from old favorites or places that I am used to. However, I tend to have friends and family members who are food-borists... Ya I just invented a new word. A food-borist is someone who never wants to try anything new, and will eat at the same place and order the same exact thing all of the time. My friends are this way. It never fails. Any time one of them has a birthday I get an invitation to eat at CPK and every time I groan. Even before I swore off CPK forever, I was getting extremely tired of it. The second to the last time I went was for my birthday with some friends. I ordered the new roasted vegetable salad and a cup of the vegetarian tortilla soup. I used to love the grilled vegetable salad and was pissed when they replaced it on the menu with roasted vegetable salad. Not good. I struggled through it because my friends paid for my dinner and I didn't want to waste their money. But it was gross, and I vowed never to order it again. The soup was good though. The last time I went was with my sister, husband and niece. This time I ordered the new caramelized peach salad. On the menu, most of the new items sound really good. Its just the execution of them that fails CPK. The peach salad was gross. The peaches were canned and then warmed, and I also saw no caramelization whatsoever. The combination of the peaches with the gorgonzola (my favorite cheese of all time) was so unappetizing. I didn't even get through half of the salad before I said forget it. My husband ordered the garlic cream fettuccine and added sauteed mushrooms and was upset by this as well. The portion size was really small and it was extremely salty. My sister ordered the barbecue cobb salad which was almost entirely jicama. She barely ate half as well because it was just a giant jicama salad! They skimped on all of the other items in the salad and just pretty much covered some jicama in barbecue dressing. The pricing at CPK has also become outrageous. It was almost $13 for my salad. For a salad! Does anyone else find that wrong? Considering the ingredients, my salad should have cost $7, tops! Pasta is expensive, pizzas were generally reasonable for awhile but those prices have been raised as well. For such a casual dining place the prices are just exorbitant. The service also sucks. Our waitress probably spent two minutes total the entire meal at our table. No refilled waters, no how is everything. She was just rushing around everyone else's table except ours. So we all have made a vow never to return to any CPK. Especially the one in the Chandler Fashion Center. Before I went vegetarian, I got a lovely surprise one morning after eating here and was graced with food poisoning for two days. That was a great experience."