b'I don\'t know where to start.....We chose this place because of Doug.  He has such a huge personality and makes you feel so comfortable.  He promises everything to get you to sign your contract.  He gave us the premium drinks for the same price so that was nice!  He said he would come and have shots with us on our wedding.  (he didn\'t)  Doug was great to talk to and work with but I did get the feeling from him that even though he said something on the phone, the message wasn\'t getting relayed to the office and put in the paperwork.  Good:Food was ok.  I had the option of upgrading anything I wanted or bringing in things of my own.  Gazebo was so pretty and I loved that the guests were under cover as it would have been very hot under the sun.My husband and I always had a drink and we had our food first.Bad:Biggest complaint that I have is that I didn\'t want to to go up and take pictures after the ceremony in front of everyone.  I wanted to walk back down the aisle with my husband and then have everyone go in to the reception room.  I had many many emails and phone calls about this.  They said that they would just start the ceremony later so it would fix the timing.  I was ok with that.  That didn\'t happen.  It was such a whirlwind that they had us go back for pictures while everyone watched.  I was so mad but didn\'t want to cause a scene in front of everyone.  Then the room wasn\'t even ready when that was over and our guests still had to wait!Photographer was HORRIBLE!!  The pictures are so bad.  He didn\'t know how to have us pose and the lighting wasn\'t good.  The locations were also very strange looking.  The only "editing" he did was make some photos black and white.  I would have paid for my own photographer but they told me that I couldn\'t.  The room where the bridal party was before the ceremony is gross.  Very small and smelled.  He had me take photos in front of the door with the metal bar in it.  I told him that probably wasn\'t a good spot but he said he wasn\'t getting it.  IT WAS IN EVERY PICTURE!!!  The DJ was horrible also.  We had sent in our list of requested songs and they didn\'t have them.  I guess the DJ that was scheduled couldn\'t make it or something so someone else filled in.  The daddy/daughter song stopped playing in the middle of the song!  We also had to have all of our belongings either behind us or under our table.  (looked weird)  All in all, get your own photographer if they\'ll let you.  Don\'t change anything in regards to timing and don\'t count on our DJ to get anything right.  Those are the only things I\'d change but I wanted to let everyone know my experience.'