b'My boyfriend and I came to Montreal for a quick little get away from our kids, so we came on a budget. My bf read online somewhere that Santos is a great place for ladies night. So that\'s exactly what we did on our Tuesday night in Montreal. The deal was that from 6-12, you would have to order 25 dollars worth of tapas to get "unlimited drinks" aka "open bar." It said it just like that on the flyer they gave us with the rest of the drink menu. The ambience of the restaurant was nice, our table was really small though so we used the two chairs as tables. The music was amazing too. Our waiter was very kind, he spoke French and English, but more fluent in french (which maybe the reason for the language barrier at the end of the night when getting our check...)The food was good, my bf ordered the charcuterie  board and it came with two selections of cheese, and two kinds of Italian meats, mini pickles, a few pickled veggies, onions, pistachios, candies pecans, fig spread, mustard and some fruit and bread. My only complaint would be the amount of cheese was so little. And for 25 I would expect a little more. I ordered three tapas (so I could get the unlimited drinks deal) first was the shrimp tapas and it kinda looked like a quesadilla garnished with guacamole and another spicy sauce. Second was the tuna tartar with rice chips. The tuna tartar was very different from what I normally taste, it was sour. It was different, but not something I would order again. Lastly was the Mexican style wings, which has a BBQ infused sauce on it. I liked the sauce and the plate came with a paint brush which was kinda cute. Over all they did a good job plating the dishes.For drinks I ordered the Ave Maria (came with a ton of fruits) 2 Ya Man (to die for drink) and then a white sangria and a shot of tequila. My borfriend for the Potion, vodka soda water and a shot of tequila too. So fast forward to the end of the night, I had already ordered 25 dollars worth of tapas and we get the bill and legit, my mouth dropped to the floor when I saw the bill. It was $170 Canadian dollars. Like whaaattttt?!?! Our waiter changed me for all of my drinks despite me ordering over 25 worth of tapas. And then it dawned on me that maybe it was only for the 4 drinks that were listed on the "ladies night -open bar - free drinks - unlimited" flyer only? Well whatever it is, I don\'t think I will ever go back because of this. We paid 200 (30 for tip) and left with dust bunnies in our wallets.'