b"For a restaurant with the GHT's reputation - and prices - I expect a certain level of excellence to be built into the experience. Not sure if it was because we went at 8:30 on a Sunday, or if GHT us falling off it's game, but I was terribly disappointed.Took friends from out of town and we were seated at a window table in the cool little loft nook - intimate with a great view if the street. Great start.After the server provided the explanation of Firsts, Seconds, Thirds and Halves - we ordered what we thought was a good combination of appropriately sized choices. We got no insight from him to assist us in our choices, only a listing of what was depleted and the replacement items. Since he'd asked if this was our first visit - I was surprised he provided no insights into the choices, sourcing, etc.- something that has been a constant at other eateries that pride themselves on their sustainable menu.Devils on Horseback had great flavor, but arrived at the table lukewarm at best - almost starting to chill - which took away from a great combination of flavors. The Animal Fries were HUGE and should be shared or ordered as a meal themselves - but were listed as a Half on the menu - which is suggested as a Side. Sadly, our table of four also got an order of the regular Gravy Fries - to share and one  diner's meal also came with fries ... but, being the only person who was aware of the portion sizes, accompaniments, etc. - our server did not bring this overabundance of frites to our attention - so while they were great, the portions were way too big to allow us to really enjoy our Third courses. I would have expected the server to just mention it - the beauty of great service is that the server - through his knowledge - guides you around these possible pitfalls.The Gravy Fries were also served close to lukewarm ... The fries at the bottom were hot, but the top third had cooled significantly before it arrived at our table. Other choices - Ohio City Pasta and Ceasar were judged to be good - but not great.The Chicken Fried Lamb did not arrive at the table hot. The tastes were great - with the sharply acid slaw providing a superb accent for the rich lamb and savory gravy and mash. The Steak was ordered medium rare and arrived exceptionally rare -- almost just a sear on the meat. The diner did not send it back, but was clearly not overwhelmed by the dish (took 2/3 home - including the 'round 3' of fries). The Burger was judged OK - but not stellar. Overall - we were disappointed with the service and the food - after hearing so many raves about both. If the food had arrived at the table hot, it might have helped tremendously, but we'll never know. I'm sorry that this was our friends' only impression of an outstanding restaurant in Cleveland -- because GHT did not measure up to the buzz. We'll continue trying new places, but won't be back to GHT with so many other places getting everything right."