b'Ugh, I really wanted to like this place but it was just terrible.My friend and I came here for a light lunch and figured we would try it out since we always go to the same places. What a mistake! We were pretty hungry and everything looked pretty good but it was such a terrible disappointment. First of all, the place is so shabby. It looks like it used to be a really cute, clean, and chic spot but has since fell into disrepair and lazy keeping. When we went up to the counter to order, it was really disorganized and the girl behind the counter beckoned another customer forward, even though we were there first. When it was finally our turn to order, I asked the girl how much for the salads in the refrigerator case and she said in a very condescending way, "They\'re sold by weight"...A little unnecessary, but okay, maybe I overlooked something on the menu that said that. So I ordered a "small" beet salad, which looked really yummy with goat cheese and walnuts. My friend order something hot (I can\'t remember, quiche or pasta or something) which took 15+ minutes to arrive at our table. While waiting for her food, I started on my beet salad, which cost $8 or $9 and was a very small portion. The beets weren\'t even cooked all the way through! They were huge chunks which made it so difficult to eat, not to mention totally unappetizing. I was so disappointed to have spent the money on a tiny portion that was completely inedible. My friend even offered to take me to our usual lunch spot on Queen and pay for lunch there (bless her heart) but I just said forget it and tried to eat the rest of my salad. I normally don\'t like to send food back unless there is a major problem with it, and in this case I didn\'t, but I regret not asking for my money back as I just couldn\'t eat it. My friend\'s hot food finally came and she was kind enough to share a few bites with me. It was actually pretty good, from what I remember, so that\'s what earned this place an extra star...Although I probably would\'ve only given it 1.5 at MOST. We left a short while later and I bought a chai latte from the Starbucks next door to supplement my meager meal. Boo. Thumbs all the way down.'