b"Went in to get a mani pedi (gel on the nail and regular polish on my toes). The experience started off fine until the guy started my manicure. I can't remember his name but he is on the second tow the first chair, closest to the aisle. He was very friendly but he did not do a very good job on my nails. He pushed my cuticles back extremely far to the point where it was painful and made me bleed 3 times, yes 3 times on 3 different fingers. Once he started to paint my nails I noticed that the gel polish was extremely thin, but after adding the second coat it seemed fine, WRONG! So, fast forward 2 days I notice that the skin at the bed of nails are peeling like crazy and on the fingers that he made bleed had started to scab. So of course I call and explain to the women my issue and she tells me she can't tell me anything until she sees my nails. So of course I go, even though it was on the other side of town. She acts as though she can't see the scab on my finger and I'm like seriously? But I also tell her how the gel polish is seeming to crack even though it's only been 3 days since I got them done. (And gel polish shouldn't crack but that's another story). They were nice about it and were willing to fix the messed up nail, which was fine and she said that the peeling was because of dead skin. Righttttt. So after she removes the polish off the nail she says ohhh now I see the scab and I'm like uhh yea I see it and feel it. She then proceeds to pick at the scab (painful btw) until she picks it off. After finishing they give me a cuticle oil for free which was nice of them. Now fast forward one more time, tonight. I'm just relaxing happen to look at my nails and more cracking (wasn't surprised) and then I look down at my toe and guess what I saw, yep you guessed it CRACK/CHIPPED!  It's literally been a week as of today, this makes no sense. You can look at the pics and see how thin the polish is. They were very friendly so if you want a fake smile in your face while getting a mediocre mani pedi then this is your spot. But if you want your moneys worth and actually want it to last I wouldn't go here. Ohhh btw when I came in that day the guy was there and he hid in the back the entire time, I saw him peeking around the corner never once came out to apologize or even try to fix what he messed up. They get 2 stars because they were nice but quality gets 1/2 Star."