b'I used to go to beauty schools to get my hair done when I lived in Idaho and was wanting to find a good one now that I live in Arizona. The Studio Academy of Beauty Salon and the right price for me and was available when I wanted to get my hair done for my birthday. Called and scheduled 2 partial colors and a cut. When i arrived they only had me down for 1 partial. I showed my stylist Laurynn what I wanted and explained that I wanted highlights to match my dark brown roots and also some carmel colored highlights. Back in February I had a full highlight of blonde done and was tired of having my dark roots showing with blonde ends. So I thought getting the dark highlights would help look more normal when my hair grew out and expressed this to Laurynn. She called over her instructor Soul and they discussed what needed to be done. I didn\'t really listen and soon they were swatch matching my roots, which I thought was to make sure to get the highlights close to that. Laurynn started working on my hair, and only put color on the roots, let that sit, and then went and did a partial. But when she was doing it she only went to where my hair turned blonde. I started questioning what she was doing and even asked her if the dark was going to go all way down and she assured me it was. She washes it out and starts to blow dry it and I know it is completely wrong. All that she did was "touch up" the blonde for my roots. The worst part is, is that the roots of my hair don\'t even match the ends. They are kind of a strawberry blonde, and you can see a faint line where she stopped the color. Laurynn told her instructor that it was wrong and she came and talked to with me about it. She wasn\'t apologetic at all, and said I would need to come back in to have it fixed. I was okay with that until I went to pay and it was $60 for a "touch up" and then they told me it would be more when I came back to have it fixed. I was mad and didn\'t want to cause a seen, so I paid and left. This happened 10/21, I called Monday 10/23 to speak to a manager and left a message. I called today 10/24 and left a voicemail, each time not receiving a call back. I don\'t know what I am going to do now. Every time I look in the mirror I get mad because this is not what I wanted and doesn\'t even look good. I spent all of the money I had and now don\'t know when I pay to make it look how I wanted in the first place, but definitely somewhere else.'