b'Ugh...really wanted to like this place, but the food is overpriced for the substandard quality.We met my niece and her fianc\xc3\xa9e for dinner as they live in the area...and we opted to dine out on the patio, which consisted of wooden picnic tables on a street level patio.When we arrived, we were seated and our waiter was over shortly thereafter.  I asked if they had lemonade or iced tea. Was told no. Asked if they had diet coke..was told yes. Waiter came back and said they only had coke and sprite. One of my dining companions asked what type of juice they had...and the waiter responded "orange/mango, or strawberry lemonade". Um...didn\'t I ask if they had lemonade? Anyways, it was $4 for something which I drank in about 4 gulps.We were then told that wine was half price...so one of us ordered a white Pinot. A small glass of white Pinot...half off...came to $8/glass. So normally it would be $16? If that\'s the case, it\'s highway robbery.On to the food.Person one ordered the "new" burger...as its new to the menu. The person who had this said it was ok...but not worth the price. He said the fries were excellent.Person 2 ordered the fish and chips...it came with coleslaw (according to the menu, their famous coleslaw). The fish was not identified on the menu but he believes it was haddock, a much cheaper cut of fish. The person who had this said it was over battered. 2 of us had the pasta of the day.....lemon/bacon/onion in a cream sauce. It came with kernels of corn, which I opted not to have and my niece asked for on the side.  I don\'t think I\'ve ever been so disappointed with a pasta dish in my life. The bacon, while having a nice smokey flavour, was mostly fat, so it was inedible. I could barely taste any hint of lemon....and the portion size was far too small for a $16 price point. The pasta. Fresh though.Dinner for 4, with the above food items, with 3 glasses of wine (half off), 1 juice, 1 sprite, 6 beers, tax, tip, came to over $160. Completely not worth it. All 4 of us, while walking back to our car, agreed we would not be returning.'