b"We came with a party of 12 for a birthday dinner buffet on a Thursday night.  I don't know what is going on and why sushi buffets are so insanely busy on weeknights now?  The restaurant is pretty big but it was a full house with people waiting to be seated in the wait area.  We used to dine here when it was Tako Sushi but haven't been since it switched to Matsuda.  We were seated right away which was nice.  They put us in a room near the front....which I thought was nice at first.  But no one was looking after this area.  Literally no one came in to check on us and take our orders.  I had to run out to the main restaurant and drag a server into the room to take our order after sitting there for 30 mins.  Then because we had a large group and a large order, I think the kitchen and sushi chefs pushed out all the small orders first.  It was another 30 mins before our food trickled out when smaller tables that arrived after us were eating way before us.  We were all starving by that point so polished off the food in like 5 mins.  We put in another order.  I of course had to run outside and drag the waiter into the room again.  We made a bigger order this time since we were still starving and it takes so long between orders.  We waited another 30 mins and they brought out 3 bowls of mussels with 4 mussels in each bowl which worked out to 1 mussel each person.  Then another 15 mins later....another small order comes out.  By that time we were all tired and cranky so didn't feel like eating anymore.  We asked them to cancel the majority of our order.  We then asked for dessert.  Had to wait another 20 mins to bring out ice cream.  Wtf? We figured it was pre scooped! By that time the restaurant cleared out.  We were the last ones there.  I think 2 seatings ate and left.  We all left tired and still hungry after a 4 hour marathon of a weeknight meal.  Wasn't cheap either for about $30 a person.  The food that we did eat was good which is the only reason for the 2 stars.  Sushi and sashimi was fresh.  The service was just incredibly slow and they didn't even make an effort to check in on us at all.  It was really annoying having to run around the restaurant to drag people in to take our orders, refill our water and tea because we were parched and the orders took forever and didn't come out right.  They need more of a first in first out system rather than big tables last.  I complained but it fell on deaf ears.  My uncle and aunt tried it out, just the two of them and it was fine.  Just don't go with a large group."