b'As a first-time customer to the establishment, I was looking forward to celebrating my boyfriend\'s birthday by taking him to watch the UFC fight, which they were featuring on pay per view.  My boyfriend and his buddy arrived early (about an hour before I did), just so he could be sure that we would have good seats (the ONLY thing he wanted for his birthday was to see this fight).  I made sure to let the server know that we were celebrating his birthday (discreetly, I wanted him to be surprised).  We ordered a round of drinks and appetizers; shortly thereafter two more friends joined us at our table.  After finishing our appetizers and a second round of drinks, we were approached by a different female server (or hostess), who asked us if we were staying to watch the fight and if so, we would have to pay $9 each.  We were startled because we were not informed of this (none of us, even though we arrived separately), but we obliged and asked that it be added to our checks.  About 5 minutes later, another staff member approached us and asked us if  we had paid to watch the fight (we told her yes and showed her our wristbands).  5 minutes later, yet a third staff member interrupted to ask if we had paid to watch.  At this point, we were beginning to get a bit ruffled because their tone was almost accusatory and we were paying customers.  The real kicker occurred when a security guard approached the table immediately after to inform us that our table had been reserved and that unfortunately we would have to move.  We were completely taken aback (we had ordered 2 rounds of drinks at this point, 2 appetizers, and were deciding on entrees--we were essentially mid-meal).  There were no "Reserved" signs on our table when we were seated (in fact, the table the security guy moved us to had the Reserved sign posted on it).  I found it ironic that they requested us to pay for our tickets multiple times AND THEN made sure to inform us that we would have to then move.  In all fairness, the table they moved us to wasn\'t in a terrible spot, but the one we had initially claimed was much better for viewing purposes (no craning our necks) and it was a roomier booth for the 4 of us.  That and the fact that I was trying to make it special for my boyfriend\'s birthday and thus far, the customer service had been less than stellar (no issues on the food side, however, the food was fantastic!).  It was more the lack of consideration/communication that detracted from what would have been an otherwise enjoyable experience.  We changed tables; at which point the servers cleared our waters (and two of the gals\' soft drinks), after which we had to request more (when, in an ideal world, they should have been replenished immediately--I never did receive my water until after we had ordered our entrees and completely finished them (maybe I should have spoken up and said something sooner, but it\'s merely an observation, since I had already ordered a water to accompany my rounds of beer).  Same with the silverware and napkins--the staff cleared ours and when they made us change tables, then proceeded to serve us our meals with no utensils or napkins ( my boyfriend asked the runner, "May we please have some silverware?"  and she literally grabbed one set, placed it next to him and took off before he could explain that we all needed silverware).  Our female server was very sweet and asked us multiple times if there was anything else we needed, but my point is that due to the inconvenience of changing tables, we should not have to request the basic necessities for a second time when they were already on our table the first time around--it really took away from the experience.  At the end of the night, the tab for just my boyfriend and I totaled over $100 (there were 4 in our party, and the others spent a good deal on drinks and entrees as well).  The bottom line is that although this restaurant has excellent American-style food, we did not feel that our business was appreciated here and we would rather spend our time and money elsewhere.  As a side note,  they apparently don\'t do anything for birthdays as most establishments do--or they forgot--because it was never acknowledged by the staff, not even a "Happy Birthday!"  :-('