b'Hey Sauce! I heard some friends talking about how great your pizza was so I took the wife out to your restaurant last night to give it a try. I thought I\'d provide you with our feedback as I have a feeling many other people may be feeling the same way we did about our experience. Lets start off with the good, the pizza was really good, our server was really good, the price of the food was decent, but that\'s kind of where it ends. Our first real impression of the place was when we were handed our menu\'s, both our menu\'s were beyond greasy and dirty and had food stuck to them, they were dingy/had bent corners and some of the paper had ripped off both of the menus this is a sign that nobody cares to wipe down the menus, and if nobody cares to even wipe down the menus it makes me wonder what else do they not wipe down regularly. When sitting around and taking in the whole atmosphere of the place, we felt it was a little dark and the restaurant as a whole needed to be wiped down. The garlic knots were really good, I still have mixed feelings about them, because most places that sell garlic knots dust them in parmesan cheese powder and some sort of garlic powder, and that\'s what I was kind of expecting here, but here I got fresh parmesan cheese and fresh chunks of garlic on top, don\'t get me wrong fresh is great but it was an ongoing battle to keep the garlic chucks and parmesan on top of the knot while eating it, where as if it were the parmesan powder I feel it would have stuck better and not have been so much work. The sauce that came with the garlic knots was amazing. Normally I like my garlic knots dipped in ranch, but I definitely liked your sauce over ranch last night. As far as your pizza goes it\'s really good. Let me start by saying I haven\'t found a place in the Vegas area that does pizza like yours, the thickness of the dough etc. We are transplants from California a little over a year ago and we\'ve been on the hunt for a pizza with a crust like that. That\'s how 90% of all pizza places are in Southern California do it so that\'s what we\'ve grown to like. Everything we have tried out here has seemed to try to spin off of New York thin style crust, so thank you for being a breath of fresh air for that. The pizza was hot when it came out as it should have, but for the life of me every slice I ate all the toppings would slide right off the crust, i felt like i might as well be eating a pizza casserole lol I thought that maybe everything was just too hot, but from the time I ate my first slice to the time I ate the last one, a good 15 minutes had passed and still the same situation. In regards to your soda glasses, you are using Samuel Adams pint glasses I think they were, these things were very frustrating, first of all not everyone likes beer and if you want to attract more families to your restaurant having every soda glass be a beer pint isn\'t very family friendly, but the most annoying part is every time I had a refill (at least 3 times) the ice was stuck in that center section and would drop to the bottom of the glass, just something to think about. Over all I liked the food, but all the other issues combined really make me want to rate you as 2 out of 5 stars. I was really hoping your restaurant would be added as a "usual place" for my wife and I but I think it\'s going to be in the once in a blue moon category. I hope business continues to grow for you guys and that you can dial down these little things and thrive as a business. Thanks again for the good food last night and good luck!'