b'I\'ve been a customer of their service center for the past 4 years. I\'ve always enjoyed working with my service adviser and felt as though I was taken care of, even if there were mistakes made. During a recent call to schedule my regular oil change I was informed that they opened a new "quick service" center at the dealership for such services. Great! Or so I thought. Upon arrival I met my \'new\' service adviser for these services. Sat for over an hour and half waiting to get my oil changed?!? When my service adviser came back in to get me...nope, he was just coming to tell me all of the other things they wanted to service on the car. I had already listened to this same talk with 2 other customers sitting in the waiting area. They had not even completed my oil change yet. I understand that there is recommended maintenance work based on mileage & age of a vehicle, but why aren\'t they letting people know up front that these are recommendations?! Waiting for 90 minutes (when I had a scheduled appointment) to find out the items, like air filters, transmission flush, etc is recommended as well, is pretty ridiculous and poor customer service.One of the items recommended was a \'transmission flush\' which I decided was worthy of coming back for to have completed. I emailed my service adviser multiple times about the service and cost to make sure that they would be doing an actual flush and NOT just a fluid change. He assured me that it would be a flush. When I pulled up to have the service completed he informed me that this was a flush and not a service. So, just the fluids would be changed. ARGH....Seriously? This is common industry terminology folks. A fluid change and a flush are not terms that are used interchangeably. They are NOT the same service and the cost that Henry Brown Buick, GMC wanted for the actual work of a flush was no where near comparable to what other automotive centers charge. I drove away. Not only has my service adviser (Scott Usher) been replaced, but they have brought on new people that aren\'t even that well versed in their own industry. Disappointing on so many levels. I like my Buick just fine, but without the option of a different dealership, located within in a reasonable distance, to work on it for warranty and basic service needs, I don\'t think I\'ll be keeping this vehicle anymore. Although they may think they are adding value to the customer by having this quick lube center, it has added nothing positive to my experience with this dealership\'s service center.'