b"I have been to American Pub with the same friend about seven times, five of those seven times have just been terrible experiences yet kept coming back because I would always find an excuse to give them another chance. Whether it be for the delicious french fries and carolina burger or I understand as a fellow server and having worked in customer service since I was 16. I know what it's like to get busy and to have a 40 minutes ticket wait or to have the waitress not tell you when you get sat. However, almost every time my friend and I come in our server takes at least 5 minutes to come greet our table in an empty restaurant (There is a server rule: thirty seconds to get to your table and greet them) and once they got our orders they would check on us about twice before dropping the check. One time we stood at the entrance waiting for someone to greet us or at least tell us to have a seat where ever and they'd have someone to us shortly, without even a passing by bartender saying anything to us we finally left. My same friend and I visited tonight for a quick meal and were surprised to see it almost empty with no more than 30 guests in the restaurant. The hostesses were sweet and inviting and of course had not a problem sitting us, the problems started after we sat down. We sat there for a little over five minutes before a nice red headed girl dressed as a Teenaged mutant ninja approached us and asked if anyone has been with us yet, we said no and she got us waters and let us know our server will be there shortly. Well it wasn't shortly. It took quite a while for her to come and take our appetizer/entr\xc3\xa9e orders. We waited about 30 minutes in a nearly empty restaurant for our appetizer alone. I'm unsure if the Buffalo Shrimp come served cold, if so that's a stupid idea with it being breaded and spicy, if not our shrimp and bottom of the plate were cold. The edge of the plate was warm so it's like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for too long. I'm guessing our server forgot and the cooks didn't let anyone else know to run the food....which is not how it has been done in any restaurant I have worked at. A completed order in the window gets ran with notice to the tables server, that's that. We had them take away the shrimp and our server didn't approach us at all about the situation but once to drop off our burgers. She didn't ask if there was anything she could do, however another server in a leopard jumpsuit did and was extremely apologetic for a mistake that wasn't hers and another girl took away our buffalo shrimp while she walked pass. The GM John came and spoke with us, he handled it well and even paid for our food as we let him know that my friend is a restaurant cook and I am a server so we know how it works and this wasn't working. By that time we no longer wanted to waste time there and left. I have zero excuses now, my tables get snatched if I don't take them within 2 minutes and mine along with my fellow servers asses would be chewed if we just left food in the expo window without asking for a table to go to or the server to run it. It's unacceptable and I wish their service wasn't shitty because I love the food."