b'I ordered delivery from Hanabi through Yelp; I\'ve never been to the restaurant.Generally, I don\'t think that sushi lends itself well to grocery stores or delivery. Take out is only minimally better. Sushi is not just about the food, it\'s about the experience.I also learned to appreciate sushi in Japan, where I lived for 17 years. It follows that I\'m unfamiliar with what has become sushi in America. All the different rolls, the decidedly un-sushi flavors, like jalape\xc3\xb1o, confuse me! So we only ordered traditional nigiri, no rolls or specialties.That said, one expects a restaurant to do its best to overcome the inherent difficulties in offering sushi for delivery. Presentation is important, maybe not for showy spider rolls, but for traditional sushi. Ours arrived in typical styro boxes, with no garnish or decoration, no eye to arrangement. Our order looked so unappetizing, I was tempted to throw the whole thing away.So, on to the actual product. Sushi is not about fish. Although fish plays an important role, undeniably, there are many varieties of sushi that have no fish at all. Sushi is about the rice. It should be very sticky, slightly sweet, shiny, and just about room temperature; neither too hot nor too cool.The rice that Hanabi served seemed to be nothing more than steamed white rice. It had no cohesion, so the pieces were difficult to pick up. Chopsticks, fork, and bare hands were equally ineffective. And the rice was tasteless.Any "itamae" worth his ginger will tell you that he spent upwards of ten years perfecting his knife skills, and still practices regularly. The slivers of fish we received were poorly cut with ragged edges that made us wonder if the chef\'s knife maybe needed sharpening. I am by no means a sushi chef, but I could probably have done better with a sharp chef\'s knife.Finally, the order came out wrong. Sushi I ordered wasn\'t there, and sushi I didn\'t order was.For the price, which was not in the realm of "inexpensive," this restaurant disappointed with its delivery. But I must again state that this review is for delivery only, and in-house quality may be vastly different. Based on the other reviews here, I may visit the restaurant, but I won\'t be ordering delivery from them again.'