b'We stayed at the Sofitel towards the end of August, 2014. We booked in the Sofitel as opposed to the other leading hotels we had on our list due to the raving reviews we saw here on Yelp and TripAdvisor about how wonderful this place was to stay.Our stay, however,  turned out to be one with never ending bloopers from beginning to end. One would\'ve thought we were being punked or something!!! We had 2 rooms booked. A week or so prior, we contacted the hotel to give them a heads up..part of the party were arriving early and ask for early check-in. At which point, we were advised it would\'t be guarranteed but that they would do their best and  it was likely that they would be able let us check in early.We arrived at the hotel  at about 11:30am on a Thursday.  The door man was very friendly, the lobby area looked immaculate, warm greeting at the front desk... impressed so far.  We spoke with Peter at the front desk, who was very nice and professional, no complaint!  Asked for my ID and a credit card to be attached to our rooms for "incidentals".Just to  make sure, I confirmed this was just for incidentals and that both  room charges should be charged to the CC that was used at reservation. Peter confirmed- "Yes the card we already have on file will be charged, this is just for incidentals, but that the amount they would place on hold on my card would be the total price for each rooms plus $100.00/day for incidentals" -- which he said would come up to about $2600.00!!! Wait what??  If it is just for incidentals, why so high? Shouldn\'t it just be the $100/day for each room?  Anyway, we went round and round and apparently it is their policy.   I provided him with my card after confirming again that the card is NOT going to be hard charged unless we tell them otherwise at the end of the stay--(I didn\'t want my card to be charge since we as a group have already agreed to have all the hotel charges on the other girl\'s card to avoid any unneccessary INTERNATIONAL TRANSACTION CHARGES).  He confirmed that they will charge whicever credit card we instruct them to charge, for this purpose it will just be a hold.  OK, so after all that, he told us  our rooms weren\'t ready yet, which we understood.  Suggested a lunch spot for u s to try while we wait and asked  for us to come back maybe around 2:30sh, as he thinks the rooms should be ready by then. Walked us to concierge to have our luggage held for us.We came back about 10 til 3:00pm.  A diff gentleman was there, our rooms weren\'t ready yet. Directed us to the waiting area. 3:30pm, the rep came to us with apologies, offered for us to wait at the bar and that they would BUY us our drinks as our rooms are still being cleaned.  He brings us to the bar and introduces us to the bar tender, again, extends his apologies and hands us a card and said someone would come and get us when our room is ready. Thanked him for being kind. Sat down and Whoa!! the drinks at that bar were all average $20 bucks each pop!!!  Anyway, we order our drinks, I take a sip of mine.. take a closer look  and it had something EXTRA swimming on it!!  Wow, really???????  There was a fly or a bug of some sort on my drink!!!! GEEZ!!  At this point, I was really starting to dread having to stay at this hotel-- it was one thing after another!!!! Approached our server to change out my drink. so we sit around..it is 4:30sh at this point, I go back to the front desk-- Different reps are there,  I walk up and politely asked about our room to which she responds "Ah yes, madame, your rooms aren\'t ready yet, but you are at the bar waiting correct? They are still cleaning your room, Pls go back to the bar and enjoy your drinks and we will come and get you" ..5:30 still no room, not even just ONE of the rooms!!  6:00pm, I go to the front desk again.. still no room available!! 6:15 the front desk rep comes to the bar to let us know ONE of our rooms are ready. So we get ready to leave and we were told we had to close out our tabs.. it turns out they were comping our first drink.. and the second one we  were responsible for..Over 2 hours wait!!! At this point, we just wanted to go up to our room and freshen up as we\'ve had a long day. Our fligth left FL at 5:00am, so you can just imagine. Nightmare didn\'t end there.. they weren\'t able to give us our second room until AFTER 7:00 pm... they ended up charging our rooms to 2 seperate cards after we had explicitly asked them at time of check-in and then again at check-out to charge the one designated CC.  So many other issues that came up during the stay.  Disspointed with this hotel, as contrary to the good reputation they have, there didn\'t seem to be any initiative on their party to resolve the issues that kept coming up.  For the price you pay, you can find a much better place elsewhere with more reliable service.'