b'I am only giving them a "1" rating because it\'s the lowest available.  We bought an air-conditioner from them in 2014 and one just last summer in 2015.  We\'ve had nothing but problems since the very first day we had it installed.  Not only that, but the guy who comes out is completely rude and his office seems to back him up.  This is a unit which holds 5-tons of Puron so it is pretty big and it\'s not cheap.  We spent $5000 on the unit and it is still under warranty.  It\'s a good thing, too, because these people have had to replace it once and now it\'s compressor just blew yesterday morning.  It had been making horrible noises and shutting down and about a week ago, they came out and replaced the thermostat and the air seemed to work, but it was making an even more horrible noise than before and then 2 nights ago it stopped working altogether again.  So, it just so happens that my roommate was going to call them yesterday, anyway, to come out and fix it AGAIN.  However, before he did, all of a sudden, I heard the loudest BOOM!  I mean, it was like a bomb going off and literally was louder than a shotgun being fired close by.  Then, it had this awful constant noise - like I\'ve never heard before and vapor was coming out of the hose by the valve and there was a funny smell and I didn\'t know what was going on and I panicked because I wasn\'t sure if it was smoke or Puron or what so I ran into the house, turned off all of the units, made sure all of our cats were okay and ran back outside real quick with fire-extinguishers just in case it was smoke.  My roommate called them and they said they\'d be there within the hour.  Two hours later, a little after noon, the guy shows up and says it\'s the compressor that totally blew and he\'d have to order another one and that they were going to charge $1200 for labor for the 5-hour job it was going to take to do it.  The compressor, itself, is still under warranty.  He tried to say that the problem was our faulty electrical and that it was on our end, therefore, they were not at all to blame for this.  Also, he said this was a completely different issue than the thermostat, which he claimed was a good call and that he did fix that problem correctly.  So, we hired an electrician (one who is extremely reputable) to come out and assess the situation because if it was our end, we knew we needed to not only get it fixed immediately for safety reasons, but I may have owed the guy an apology for insinuating this could have been their fault to begin with.  The electrician came and his findings were that #1, the units were too close to one another to begin with and that after checking the voltages, etc. with his do-hicky (LOL), his findings showed there was not one problem with our electricity, no surges or imbalanced distributions of power, no breaker problems, etc. on our end and he even called his friend who owns another air-conditioning company and his friend told him that had it been on our end it would have not only showed up in his readings, but it would have had to be a surge large enough to, at the very least, surge other electronic items in our home and that really...  it would more realistically be an outage-type surge where other neighbors would also have been affected.  Not only that, but both agreed that there\'s no way that it should be a 5-hour job to replace a compressor and that the money they were telling us they were going to charge was outlandish.  This electrician made a point of including some of this on the invoice and gave us the contact information of his friend in case we needed additional assistance with this matter.  Thank God for him and for Yelp and all the Yelpers out there who recommended him. :)  I\'m doing this review in the hope of saving anyone out there who may be considering hiring these people for ANY reason a lot of time, headache and money.'