b'The practice changed their name from Scottsdale Primary Care, and so the review I wrote previously did not carry over. I am actually LOWERING my rating for them based on continued experience with this office. I will copy my original review below, then add an update."I followed my doctor to this office when he relocated. At first I was really impressed, but by my third visit, not so much. The doctors and nurses are great, but the office support staff needs work. It is very hard to get through on the phone, and I have been put on hold more than once, and eventually hung up after extra ordinarily long wait times on hold.Again, the doctor and nursing care I have received there has been top notch, so if you can stand the rest, this is a great office that offers same day appointments, though no weekend hours. However, for one appointment, the receptionist forgot I was there (She freely admitted that she got distracted and forgot--I was one of THREE people in the waiting area) and so I didn\'t get called in for my appointment until twenty minutes after my appointment time, and then I was treated as if the lady who forgot to check me in was doing me a favor by \'fitting me in\'. This week, I needed a prescription refill and called on a Thursday, and while it was foolish of me to wait until I was completely out of meds, the receptionist assured me that it would be faxed to the Pharmacy that day. A trip to the pharmacy that evening proved that to be false, and by the time I was able to check into it on Friday, the office was closed and the order had still not been faxed to the pharmacy. I will have to go five days with my meds, assuming that this all gets fixed by some point on Monday.The reception desk always seems to be seriously understaffed or under trained...I am not sure which or if it is both, but it seriously hurting their reputation to have errors like this made as often as it does."Now for my update...I have been out of my meds for a week because they will not do a refill request over the phone and NO ONE EVER ANSWERS THE PHONE. It is picked up by an automated service and I get treated to a recording about how they changed their name and whatnot and how very important my call is to them and someone will be with me shortly. Except it\'s not true. I have called them four times in the past week trying to get an appointment and have sat on hold for over 40 minutes without ever speaking to a real person. I have given up and am now planning to drive there in person to get an appointment and voice my frustration to both the office manager and my doctor. This is ridiculous! After this, I will very seriously consider seeking a new PCP even though I have been seeing this doctor for over twenty years. SO disappointed!'