b'I HATE THIS PLACE!!! I had the worst experience! I have a regular stylist who went back home to Chicago for the summer. I was approached about this salon and their new location. I called, explained my hair type and style and asked who would be best to serve me. The receptionist advised me which stylist would be best, and I booked the appointment. I showed up 10 minutes early. The stylist I was told would be styling that day, rudely informed me she was a level 5 stylist with a full client list and any stylist in the salon could do a good job. I should have walked out then, but I didn\'t. I told myself, "let\'s give the stylist a chance." I came in with my hair done as I always wear it, I explained exactly what I needed and wanted as well as showed the stylist pictures. I left in tears, she BUTCHERED my hair!! I was VERY disappointed, I will never step foot in that salon ever again! I wouldn\'t wish that experience on anyone! :(I have been to different hair salons trying to find a stylist that fits me. I was hoping to finally end this long search. This is why despite my initial interaction, I decided to give the younger stylist a chance. I honestly, was hoping to find someone I could rely on regularly. My current stylist is always in and out of town. She has done this for many years and this is no longer a job to her its hobby so she\'s not always available.This was a complete disaster, I left in tears and cried for 3 hours. I had to go to Fantastic Sam\'s near my home to help clean up the mess the stylist left me with. I wear a sassy short hair cut but not a MULLLET! With the extensive explaining, and pictures I for sure thought I would leave at the least satisfied or with something I could work with! I cannot do anything but wait for this disaster to grow out. I am devistated, and I would think twice, three, even four times before you take a risk at this salon. I will say this, the salon lay out is nice, and the atomosphere is upbeat however, the skills ARE JUST NOT THERE!!!'