b'I HATE THIS SHIPPING COMPANY... BUYER BEWARE!!I placed an order with vitacost.com on 10/12/14 and I was very excited when they shipped it out that very night and received a "delivered" the very next day! I went to get my mail at the leasing office and they never got my package, in fact it is Memorial Day and no mail, no packages. I found that to be strange, so I said that my package says that it was signed for by a Robert E. and they claimed that no Roberts are employed.  So I called the neighboring leasing office and they said the same thing... weird. SO I called Ontrac and they claim that the driver delivered it and I should have it, just go to Robert E. I explained that we have no such person.  So her bright idea was "oh just call vitacost.com maybe they will issue you a refund or replacement." I said "I tried them already, since you said it was delivered, I am S.O.L!" and she then decided that she will ask the driver what happened and call me back. *Right like the driver is going to say "Yeah I lost her package, my bad." 2 days later I get a call back, she says "The driver says he placed it at the leasing office and it is there now."  I put her on hold and with my 2nd line I called my leasing office and nope sure enough, not there.  SO I asked her to have the driver call me when he is there so I can prove it to you all that you\'re at the wrong property.  The lady told me that she can\'t do that. But she will contact him again and call back. The next day, I get another call from Ontrac, this time they say that the driver is adamant that he placed a door tag on my unit number and left the package in the leasing office.  So I said "ok that sounds ok if the driver is lying out of his a$$!" She said "He swears." I said "I would like you to tell me... do I have an apartment number on my address?" She looked and said "Um, Oh, Um, No... there is no apartment number listed."  I then said "Then how the Hell did your driver leave me a Door tag???? He didn\'t, because your driver is a LIAR, since I know for a fact that my leasing office wouldn\'t have given him my apartment number!" She said she would call him and then call me back. 2 days later: I get another call, now from a completely different person, trying to sell me that last bit of garbage from the previous call, about the door tag nonsense.  She then decided that she would call me back. After 3 more days of no contact, I decided I would email them a letter of "WTF happened to my package!" I am still waiting for a response. However I did get a refund finally from Paypal.com of all places! I opened a claim and stated my case and they sided with me.'