b"If I could give this place 0 stars, I would.I have been coming here since they opened about six years ago. I am always serviced by Robert, who is the only good thing at this place and he will soon see he is simply too good for the people he works for.One day, I decided to try the blow dry bar. I had a great experience with a nice girl. I then called to schedule another appointment with her and did not remember her name, so I referred to her as the white girl and then there were two other African American girls who work there.The girl that I usually saw was not there this day, so I asked if they had any other people working who weren't the African American girls because I thought they only did hair cuts and African American girls hair. Either way, it is none of their business why or who I wanted to do my hair. I am the one PAYING!I tried scheduling an appointment for my massage about a week later and the owner Scott gets on the phone and calls me racist and tells me that he does not want me to return to the spa. WOW! He then said he would call me back that day to talk further. He never returned my call. I had to physically go there and have the receptionist call him to give me a call. Talk about unprofessional. I never wanted to cause any problems here, but Eva, the owners wife, has not once acknowledged my existence when I'm spending thousands and thousands of dollars at her spa! And to think I wanted to be serviced by someone who doesn't even say hello to me or introduce themselves. Now I'm here to tell the truth about the sick minds behind this business.They rail people in with their promotions and then when you go to pay, they only will accept one gift card per transaction. Do not waste your money at this place. They are frauds and make false accusations.Also, the owner said he just fired an employee for making racial comments. What do you expect from a spa in the middle of FOX CHAPEL?! Every women who walks in that door has been fed with a silver spoon and more."