b'Horrible experience. I always give places a second chance because you never know if the first was a fluke or not. My boyfriend and I decided to try Bonsai since we drive by quite often. The first experience was perfect. Our waiter was attentive, our orders had come at a timely manner and the food tasted really good. My boyfriend had the ayce sushi and was mentioning how this place would be our go to sushi. He mentioned how fresh the fish tasted and how quick we got our sushi. I ordered the salmon teriyaki combo bento which came with soup, salad, vegetable tempura, shumai, salmon teriyaki, rice, and California roll. The salmon teriyaki was delicious. I wanted more! Our bill was around $50-$60, but it was worth it and decided we would come again. Today, Our experience was less than great. We had come around dinner time, but there was only two other booths taken. We sat down and was asked what we wanted to drink. I don\'t remember our waitress\' name, but we wished we had the male waiter instead. We had asked for waters with lemon. She came out with just water, and then gave us the menus and a paper ayce menu. She was about to just take the paper menu and leave, but I had to mention that I wanted to order off the regular menu. I told her my order and I had to repeat myself and point to the menu since she didn\'t understand "snow crab". I then asked for lemon for our water and then she left. Few minutes go by and she tends to the other tables, 5 more minutes go by and wave her down and ask for slices of lemon. She looks as if she understands by smiling and nodding and then leaves. 5 minutes go by and I get agitated since I have asked 3 times for lemon. My boyfriend and I see the male waiter and when we asked for lemon, he came back very quickly. I noticed he was tending to other tables that started coming as well. A few minutes go by and my salmon teriyaki comes with the rice. It was flavorless. I didn\'t order the combo this time and was just expecting salmon, rice, and a salad. No salad came and the teriyaki sauce was sunken to the bottom of the salmon. My boyfriend made a comment saying I was suppose to get a salad. The waitress seemed surprised and asked if I wanted a salad. When I said yes, she left quickly and I didn\'t have time to ask for extra teriyaki sauce. 30-40 minutes probably went by since being seated and my boyfriend didn\'t even get his sushi. We watched other tables getting their orders before us and even leaving before us! When his order finally came, his appetite was gone. We had enough of waiting and was just annoyed with out service. Overall, we give this place a 1 out of 5 stars. We had to ask 4 different times for lemon for our water and waited around 30-40 minutes for our food even though there was hardly anyone there. My boyfriend noticed that on the ayce paper menu it doesn\'t have a time limit like other sushi places. We concluded that if there was a time limit, then there wouldn\'t be any time left to order a second time. We are highly disappointed. I came home and started eating some apples to satisfy myself.'