b'DO NOT RENT AN APARTMENT HERE.  Law students who really want litigation experience may want to consider it because this place screams "sue me" on a regular basis.1. LIES, DAMN LIES - The employees will lie to you, without a doubt.  I have lost count of the number of times I have been lied to while living here.  We were lied to about the ability to get satellite TV installed, about the state of our apartment on moving in, about regularity of the bus (forget it when school is not in session), the safety of the place, and about so much more.2. FEES WITHOUT SERVICES - The Village has no qualms about charging a fee for a service they do not provide.  We sublet initially and were told we would have to pay a redecoration fee and would have to leave at least two days between the prior tenant\'s move-out and our move-in so they could "redecorate". When we arrived, of course, the place had not been cleaned let alone redecorated.  When we asked about this, we were told that they never redecorate in sublet situations.  You should not be surprised to hear that the sublessor was not refunded her redecoration fee and neither were we.  In addition, a number of friends were assessed charges for things they had not done, including fines for leaving trash out.  Very questionable behavior.3. CRIME - Numerous cars had their back windows shot-out while I have been living here, at least three by my count.  The Village refused to do anything in response. 4. THERE ARE NO SOCCER FIELDS OR BASKETBALL COURTS BEHIND THE VILLAGE - When we signed up, we were shown a nice diagram of Colbert park with all of its facilities, including a soccer field, a basketball court, and an amphitheater.  These things do not exist.  There is some grass and a hill, but it takes some imagination to conjure up what the Village subtly advertises. If you\'re the kind of person who is willing to forgive all manner of misbehavior in exchange for a pool and pizza party every once in a while then by all means move in here.As a final note, both the Village drivers and maintenance staff are perfectly friendly and seem competent enough.  This review is limited to a critique of the management and office staff who ought to be ashamed of their behavior.'