b"This has been one me of my favorite places to eat sushi for a long time now.. the owner Andy is amazing and very friendly! However today I experienced something no one should have to ever go through. One of the server's ( small lady with glasses) was really rude and embarrassed me in front of my friends that I haven't seen in a real long time today. The situation started because I was taking the rice off of the sushi because Lord knows it was just to much rice on the sushi role.. lol Sorry( I had no idea ..I had to eat all the rice on an all you can eat menu lol! ) She came over to our table super aggressively and told us she was getting us our check with her hands in the air looking exacerbated..I became defensive and replied we are not finished eating and can you please prepare another sushi role. She replied back saying no.. and if I do I will grab you a half a role. I said why?.. she went back in the kitchen where our plates were.. brought it to the front of our table around my friends and other customers!   Saying(you didn't eat all of the rice on your plate!!!!) at this point I was just mortified!!!I replied by saying  if i violated your policy.. pull me aside or you explain that I will be charged more and I would have totally understood! I immediately went over to the chef and asked is this how you treat your customers. He quickly apologizes for her action! He came over to the table to defuse the situation and the bad experience from his employee.Please understand my rant.. This is one of my favorite places in the city to eat!! I tell all of my co-workers, friends, and family to go there. So to get treated like this was horrible! As we signed our checks I guess he sent her to tell us sorry.. but I refused to accept the apology because I knew it wasn't coming from a genuine place ( the boss told her to do it) Andy no one should ever be treated like this in any of your restaurants... And if these are the people you are hiring, then it says alot about you! You are the company you keep."