b'Do not rent here ever- I lived here for about 13 months. The front gates do not close. ever--- they will tell you they close at dusk and open at sunrise, but they only actually worked for about 1 month of the time i lived here. When you ask them about this they state that they are having trouble with them, and have had 3 different companies come out to see them.. The walking gates are never closed either, and even if they do, the front fence  by the mail room and fountain is rusted, so you could get thru it if you were a smaller person   There are homeless people that come in and rummage thru the garbages , when chandler, one of the office staff was asked about this she told me to call glendale pd next time..  Speaking of glendale pd they are there on a montly basis, and  when this is brought to the attention of the office staff ,to see if me as a single woman getting home at 1 or 2 am needs to be worried about anything, they never have any explanation,aside from the fact that yes there has been some dificulty with one of the residents..     The mainatance ppl are extremely adept at smoking and driving golf carts, tho they seem to do little else...I have seem more control panels on the buildings open then i can count, the pool gates  dont always open from the inside, you need a key on the outside lock to get out from the inside, there is more light bulbs in the ouside lighting out then that actually works, and that is for the light fixtures that are still standing-- there was on that got knocked down on july 4 weekend and was still lying on the ground when i moved out on the last weekend of august.  oh and some of the other things ive found while walking my dogs on the property is used needles lying by the gym, swarms of bees, a million ferral cats...    Which brings me to the office staff.God help you if you have a problem because the 3 of them couldnt find their way out of a paper bag-- Chandler cant remember anything form one day to the next, you can have packages that get delivered , but the staff cant seem to find them because they label them with the wrong apartment number....They will call and tell you that the people around you complained that you were noisy and they dont know if you were having a party or not,but you need to be more considerate of your neighbors--A direct quote from chandler, and when you contact her to tell her that there must be a mistake because you work until 1 am, and werent even home that night, she has no idea what you are talking about... when i gave my notice I was given a move final price by chandler,  then a day later i was called by another office staff who gave me another number for my final rent. When i questioned this she got huffy with me and stated that she was the book keeper and did i want her to go over the books with her.. When i state no, i just wanted to know how i got 2 different numbers in 2 days,especially after a call to verify that i was moving out and when because apparently chandler got confused at to what i wanted and the dates of these things, even thought they have a form you fill out...that i handed to chandler...when i paid my last rent for 3 days of september i was given a third price,which happened to be the least expensive.  If you havent guessed i cannot say enough negative things about this place-- it was a means to an end for me, but i wouldnt let anyone rent here ever  The maintanence people seem to be very adept at smoking and driving golf carts around, but i rarely see them do any work--I had a upper unit that had a ac that leaked onto my floor between my kitchen and bathroom,.when i asked them about this last year when i moved in i was told that this is normal for arizona,   when it happend again this year i called and spoke with chandler again, who also told me that it is completely normal for arizona.. when i explained to her that i have lived in az for 12 years and never had this occur anywhere but here she told me that it is their units specifically, and normal. When asked if they would cover cost for the mold that occured form the leaking and heat she told me no...'