b'It was my first time being at the cheesecake factory, and we went for my Sister\'s birthday, and we had a party of 8. (5/27).  So...it all started with the simplicity of drinks. My husband and I got there to reserve the table for our party. Jennifer came, asked us what we wanted, and she walked back and forth in the opposite direction of where the soda machine was at. Another nice gentlemen came to make sure that we were already taken care of, and thinking back we should\'ve switched waiters while we had the chance. Any who, our drinks our finally brought, and we still havent gotten our bread and butter (as promised by Jennifer). So there goes another 15 minutes to get us the bread. My family gets here, and we are all deciding what to eat. Mind you, ive never been there so im having trouble trying to choose an entree. I ask Jennifer what she recommends and she said "im classy so i like so and so plate"...like what? Am i too ghetto for you, Jennifer?  so, i order this chipotle pasta thing and when i got it, it was alright. I ate it because i was really hungry but it wasnt the best thing. My niece is telling this waitress that it\'s my sister\'s birthday, us expecting for them to sing to her you know, because it\'s tradition. Nope, Jennifer just looked at her like she was crazy and walked away, didnt even say happy birthday at the most. Fast forwarding to the check, obviously we are all split. So, i personally got the check and split it into number groups. Group 1 was me and my husband, 2 was my sister and her family, so on and so forth. She sees me doing this, and says "oh awesome thanks for splitting it for me!" She comes back and says "so i know you tried helping me but i found an easier way". Like ok, whatever works for you, Jennifer. She gives us back our checks and they\'re all messed up............but she found an easier way right? . She claimed that the system was messing up but the table to our right was clearing up and had new families sitting there to have dinner. Bad bad bad. Don\'t recommend Jennifer at all.'