b"The one-star rating is based solely on our recent visit for happy hour.  Previous visits merited satisfied customers, including my friend's fiancee who is notoriously hard to please (he's not so much picky as a perfectionist with high expectations for quality food).When deciding where to go for our February Girls Night, after considering other favorites, we settled on BLT, as it had been a few months since we enjoyed their happy hour.  Apparently, in those few months, their quality has declined.Due to a current medical condition, I ordered Pellegrino sparkling water.  My friend ordered iced tea, out of solidarity.  Boring I know, but it's not like we only got plain old tap.  We ordered, sharing their fantastic popovers (which were still pretty darn good, despite the rest of the evening's shortcomings), the fried calamari and a burger.  We were served the popovers and before we took a second bite, there was a runner hovering, wanting to deliver our calamari and burger.  Really?  Rushing us out the door?  Despite it being tourist season, neither the bar nor restaurant were at all busy.  Someone screwed up by not pacing our order to come out at varied times.In a nod to my current condition, I'd been cautioned to avoid undercooked meat.  Normally I am a big fan of rare to medium rare beef, especially in a place supposedly known for quality products.  I just can't bring myself to order well done, so we compromised, requesting the burger medium.  I figured that would be safe enough.  We continued to enjoy the popovers and the calamari.  The calamari was good, and I enjoyed the green herbal/garlic aioli sauce on the side.  When we finally cut the burger, it was rare plus at best, a far cry from the medium ordered.  Despite the cute little plastic tag sticking out of the bun suggesting the kitchen had heeded our request, they clearly had not.Our waitress stopped by to check on us and we pointed out the error with our burger.  I explained to her that normally we love the cow practically still mooing, but due to my current status, I need to avoid rare beef.  She offered to have the kitchen correct their mistake.  A few moments later, the food runner brought a burger back to us.  The original burger is served uncut.  This one was cut in half.  At first we thought it was a bit suspicious, but maybe the kitchen cut it to make sure they cooked this one correctly, or perhaps they cut it as they knew we were sharing.  We each took a bite and were sorely disappointed to realize we received our original burger, not a freshly made one cooked to our desired doneness.  The kitchen just took our original burger (which sat at room temperature for at least 25 minutes while we ate our other food), slapped it back on the grill until it was charred on the outside, and put it back on the bun.  It was still rare inside.  This is the kind of thing I would expect from Ruby Tuesday, not Laurent Tourondel's namesake.  Upon closer  inspection, the slice of bacon was even sticking out of the bun at the same angle as the original.  We debated ordering something else, and decided to try dessert instead.  After waiting and waiting for our waitress to return, we just wanted to get out of there and satisfy our sweet tooth elsewhere.  The waitress finally appeared and asked if she could clear the plates.  I wasn't really going to make a big deal of the uneaten burger, but when she didn't even ask  why we hadn't eaten it, I had had enough.  I graciously informed her that we were done with the burger as it was quite obvious the kitchen didn't make us a new one, only re-fired our incorrectly cooked first burger.  She stated she would remove the burger from our check, which we appreciated.  We asked for the check, which we received fairly promptly.Waiting another 20 minutes for our waitress to return and collect the folio with a card sticking out of the top, we finally decided to just leave cash and get out of there.It was most definitely a disappointing experience.  When I relayed the events to my husband, he suggested we might give them one more try.  I will have to think about that, considering there are so many other places that have never disappointed me."