b'Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda. WOW.After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn\'t just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again. Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?" I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that\'s fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you probably shouldn\'t say it to someone when you don\'t know what their budget is or how much they are willing to pay. Moreover, the condescending, rude tone in which you say things like that have a lasting effect. They don\'t know that they are on the preferred vendor\'s list at my venue, they don\'t know specific rules or things that the venue already provides and this girl seems to have no grasp of how to get details from someone without asking the most idiotic questions. If someone keeps saying "We just require a plated dinner, no other services from you." You don\'t need to keep asking things like "what about cake, what about a bartender, what about hors D\'oeuvres?" "NO! Just a plated dinner." Total incompetence, lack of professionalism, rude, and absolutely not a business who I would recommend working with after this brief and exhausting exchange. I wanted to book a simple consultation to try to talk to a coherent adult about food, do a tasting, and then sign a contract --TO GIVE YOU MONEY--! To the owner of this business: (Before I completely wrote you off as my potential caterer) I requested that when I got my call back, I would like to deal directly with the owner, Jennifer. Amanda rudely asked "Why?!?" I told her that I would like to deal with someone who knows the venue that I am booked at, (considering you are a preferred vendor there). I would strongly suggest getting someone else who knows how to deal with customers, has a better "table-side manner", and knowledge of halfway decent customer service. I have had much more pleasant experiences with call center employees.'