b'The company decided to do Christmas lunch in milestones second year in a row. I was not impressed by their food last year, so kind of knew what to expect. Well, this year they have went above and beyond my expectations ( I am being facetious). Not sure how to spoil a fire-grilled salmon and boiled rice, but they\'ve managed to do that. The only good thing was the size, it was really small, not enough to get sick right away (wait till the evening when you regret every bite). Rice was probably cooked a few days before as well as salmon and then heated up straight on or with the plate which was smothered with "grilled veggies" (don\'t try this at home). Grilled veggies consisted of grilled zuccini prepared a few days back that were already falling apart from moisture (not a good thing for a grilled food). Rice was dry and plasticky from being left out of water for a long time. Salmon had the same issue being left out uncovered and then re-heated. And to top it up I have found a hair on my plate and that was the end of my lunch. Since it was company\'s Christmas lunch I have kept my mouth shut. But as it was not sponsored and I paid $24.5 for the main dish alone I\'ve decided to leave a review. And, to my point, even 1 star is very generous for this particular place (calling it a restaurant would be too much of an honour which they don\'t live up to). Unfortunately at the time I did not argue and did paid my bill which I regret full-heartidly now. By the way their bill says CASH ONLY, a way to discourage people using credit cards.  I sincerely hope that at some point they will get a customer who is not as placid and agreeable like myself and who will give them what they deserve. Their cooks don\'t deserve to even touch pans, leave alone cooking. Disgrace to a restaurant business. Absolutely horrific place. Not sure why people choose it over other eateries on the same street, but it definitely not worth a try. There is no third time for me. If you value your health and know at least a little about decent food, avoid milestones on king west!!!'