b'I\'ve been to this restaurant multiple times and even though the drinks are quite pricey I still liked the restaurant\'s vibe and food. As a result, I decided to have my birthday on November 13th, 2015 here. I called beforehand to let them know that I\'ll be bringing 10 guests with me. They informed me that even though they don\'t take any reservations, they\'ll still keep in mind that a group of people will be coming at 10 pm on Friday night and try their best to accommodate us as fast as possible. When I asked how long the wait time will approximately be, the guy told me around 20 minutes which doesn\'t sound too bad. My friends and I arrived at 10 pm sharp. There were around 7-8 people ahead of us and it was a very cold night but we decided to wait anyhow. An hour and a half passed by and we were still not seated. Throughout the time we were standing in line, we took a couple pictures because it was my birthday but the bouncer or the guy at the door kept telling us to stop taking pictures and that we were blocking the way which we were not doing at all. And last time I checked, I was allowed to take pictures on the streets whenever I wanted. Not the best impression to get from someone who works there but finally, when we got to the front of the line after approximately an hour and a half of waiting, a group of 5-6 people appeared from nowhere and were let in. Everyone was shocked and no one could believe their eyes especially knowing that this restaurant, in particular, doesn\'t take any kind of reservations at all. Therefore, I went inside to find out what\'s happening and both of the guys standing in front of the doors told me that they the group who just went inside were with the owners and ignored my questions about how they were let in, in the most unprofessional manner and kept saying they were with the owners and ultimately left the conversation when I was talking and went away to serve other customers. Even though we were all agitated, we still waited another 15 minutes. Finally, the bouncer came outside and asked to check everyone\'s ID which he didn\'t do for anyone standing in line in front of us. Also, he didn\'t mention anything about checking ID\'s for more than an hour and half that we were standing in line. If we had known in advance, we wouldn\'t have spent our time standing in line for a restaurant with very poor customer service. Two of my friends were not legal at the time so he refused to let us in. No apologies whatsoever. This is the last thing he said to us, "I cannot let you in, go eat somewhere else". Never have I ever encountered such a rude and unprofessional customer service from someone working at a restaurant in my life. I called the restaurant to express my complaint to the manager at least 8 times but no one picked up the phone. The voice messaging system is also always full so you can\'t leave your name or phone number for them to call you back. Unless contacted by this restaurant and given an explanation about this whole issue, I will not be going back to Warehouse and would not recommend anyone to go to this restaurant either.'