b"Bad.. Came here Tuesday night and initially I was very impressed. The decor was beautiful and me and my friend were seated immediately. It was kinda slow, so we expected our food to come out quickly. Food almost took around 20 minutes to arrive, and when it did we were unimpressed. I ordered the 2 piece mackerel nigiri, and my friend ordered a $15.00 roll, (forgot the name). We ended up getting 6 pieces of mackerel sashimi, with a bowl of rice (no complaints.. here.. more food for less money right? and the roll was really really small... like thinly rolled small and not worth the $$$ price tg. Ok whatever, so I'm eating the mackerel sashimi.. and I literally started choking on what I thought was ONE fish bone.. turns out there were 3 fish bones stuck in my throat and I had to HACK them out. My pretty plate setting after this looked pretty disgusting with hacked up fish pieces and bone. I told the server and showed her the bones she seemed pretty shocked, but didn't really offer any real solutions other than that she would tell the chef. 10 whole minutes later she returns with MORE mackerel.. and she said that the chef checked it super carefully this time around.I told her I didn't want any more but she insisted it was safe... I took one careful bite, and what do you know? MORE FISH BONES. When she came back I told her AGAIN, and at that point she offered to get me something else (but did not tell me it would be on the house). I did not want to PAY more money to risk more fish bones in my mouth but I might have taken some cali rolls for free at this point cause I was STARVING, but I was honestly just irritated and wanted to get out of there. She ended up offering free mochi because there would be no fish bones in there.. and took the mackerel off the bill. We ended up paying $15.00 for a bad roll, and me almost ending up at the emergency room because of the TWO times I had to pull fish bones out of my mouth. Not worth it at all, but I guess it makes for a terribly cool, but still terrible story."